"Yo bitch Ja Rule is more succesful then you'll ever be whats up with you and hating you sad mofuckas...i should bitch slap ur pethedic white faces and get you to kiss my ass you guys sicken me. Ja rule is about pride in da music man. dont diss that shit on him. and nothin is wrong bein like tupac he was a brother too...fuckin white boys get things right next time.,"
"== From RfC == 

 The title is fine as it is, IMO."
""" 

 == Sources == 

 * Zawe Ashton on Lapland —  /  """
":If you have a look back at the source, the information I updated was the correct form. I can only guess the source hadn't updated. I shall update the information once again but thank you for your message."
I don't anonymously edit articles at all.
Thank you for understanding. I think very highly of you and would not revert without discussion.
"Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. Such edits are considered vandalism and quickly undone. If you would like to experiment, please use the sandbox instead. Thank you.   -"
:Dear god this site is horrible.
""" 
 Only a fool can believe in such numbers. 
 The correct number lies between 10 000 to 15 000. 
 Ponder the numbers carefully.  

 This error will persist for a long time as it continues to reproduce... The latest reproduction I know is from ENCYCLOPÆDIA BRITANNICA ALMANAC 2008 wich states 
 Magnittude: 8.7 (fair enough) 
 victims: 70 000 (today 10 000 to 15 000 is not """"a lot"""" so I guess people just come out with a number that impresses enough, I don't know. But I know this: it's just a shameless lucky number that they throw in the air. 
 GC 

 """
"== Double Redirects == 

 When fixing double redirects, don't just blank the outer one, you need edit it to point it to the final target, unless you think it's inappropriate, in which case, it needs to be nominated at WP:RfD"
I think its crap that the link to roggenbier is to this article. Somebody that knows how to do things should change it.
"""::: Somebody will invariably try to add Religion?  Really??  You mean, the way people have invariably kept adding """"Religion"""" to the Samuel Beckett infobox?  And why do you bother bringing up the long-dead completely non-existent """"Influences"""" issue?  You're just flailing, making up crap on the fly. 
 ::: For comparison, the only explicit acknowledgement in the entire Amos Oz article that he is personally Jewish is in the categories!    

 """
", 25 February 2010 (UTC) 

 :::Looking it over, it's clear that  (a banned sockpuppet of ) ignored the consensus (&, fwiw, policy-appropriate) choice to leave the page at Chihuahua (Mexico) and the current page should be returned there. Anyone have the time to fix the incoming links? -  18:24"
""" 

 It says it right there that it IS a type. The """"Type"""" of institution is needed in this case because there are three levels of SUNY schools: 
 -University Centers and Doctoral Granting Institutions 
 -State Colleges 
 -Community Colleges. 

 It is needed in this case to clarify that UB is a SUNY Center. It says it even in Binghamton University, University at Albany, State University of New York, and Stony Brook University. Stop trying to say it's not because I am totally right in this case."""
""" 

 == Before adding a new product to the list, make sure it's relevant == 

 Before adding a new product to the list, make sure it has a wikipedia entry already, """"proving"""" it's relevance and giving the reader the possibility to read more about it. 
 Otherwise it could be subject to deletion. See this article's revision history."""
"==Current Position== 
 Anyone have confirmation that Sir, Alfred is no longer at the airport and is hospitalised?"
this other one from 1897
"== Reason for banning throwing == 

 This article needs a section on /why/ throwing is banned. At the moment, to a non-cricket fan, it seems kind of arbitrary."
":: Wallamoose was changing the cited material to say things the original source did not say. In response to his objections, I modified the article as we went along. I was not just reverting him. I repeatedly asked him to use the talk page. I've been trying to add to the article for a long time.  It's so thin on content. This is wrong."
|blocked]] from editing Wikipedia.   |
"==Indefinitely blocked== 
 I have indefinitely blocked this account."
"== Arabs are committing genocide in Iraq, but no protests in Europe. == 

 May Europe also burn in hell."
"Please stop. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, as you did to Homosexuality, you will be blocked from editing."
"== Energy  == 

 I have edited the introduction, because previously it said that passive transport does not use any kind of energy. This is not true. Passive transport relies on the kinetic energy of the substance that is being transported. This kinetic energy is what causes it to move around and (by random chance) cross the membrane. The difference is that active transport actually uses the cell's energy (ATP or electrochemical gradient) to pump the substance across the membrane."
":yeah, thanks for reviving the tradition of pissing all over articles because you want to live out your ethnic essentialism. Why let mere facts get into the way of enjoying that."
"MLM Software,NBFC software,Non Banking Financial Company,NBFC software company,NBFC software in india,software for banking,Gold loan software.MLM Software  

 '''SEO Services 
 Search Engine Optimization 
 www.liveindiatech.com 

 According to a recenBold textt survey people have moved away from searching print media for their needs. They use search engines to find the products and services. The first step to have a successful presence over the internet is creating your own website but that is not enough. When someone searches for the products/services that you offer your name needs to be listed high in the search engine.  

 Live India Tech guarantees you search engine optimization using which your organizations name will feature in the top ten listing in all the search engines. This will ensure that the traffic to your site will increase exponentially aiding you in the sales of more products and services.  

 We have invested enough resources to develop an SEO system that is far superior to anything else in the market. 

 www.liveindiatech.com"
"@RedSlash, cut it short. If you have sources stating the RoK is sovereign post them. Otherwise please aknowledge WP is not the place to make OR."
"==================== 
 Deception is the way of the Ninja..... 

 Hence, Frank Dux is an amazing Ninja"
". 

           Jews are not a race because you can only get it from your mother. Your own mention of Ethiopian Jews not testing 
           as Jews proves it is not, as well as the fact that we accept converts"
":::If Ollie or others think that one list of the oldest people we know about is too long, the easy answer is to raise the cutoff age. 110 is purely a round number and a full 12 years shorter then the record. We can make it the top 1000 or top 500 or everyone above 115 - tell us what the maximum list size is and we can set a threshold."
""" 
 *Support Per Jimbo and WP:google """"Climatic Research Unit email controversy"""" =4,930 results, """"climategate"""" =3,210,000 results. MFA  

  
 """
Professors to the Manhatten Project.
":::::I have added more wikilinks to my sections and included more secondary sources as you suggested. For all the citations under human disease section, I went through them and exchanged review articles for the primary sources. Thanks again for all your input!"
""" 

 :Not sure whether this is notable enough to be mentioned in the article, but you're right – versions later than 6 (2001) can open files created by all previous versions, but save files only in its own format, with a suffix of """".msX"""", where X is the version number (7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12...). This is intentional, of course. Besides, all versions but 7 save files in a compressed format. ☭共产主义万岁★ """
일이삼사오육칠팔구하고십이요 에헤헤 으헤 으헤 으허허
"I've deleted the page , as we have no evidence that you are the person named on that page, and its content goes against Wikipedia's policies for the use of user pages."
"== Nation Radio - request for comment == 

 Hi Dravecky, I'm just contacting a couple of editors with more specialist knowledge to resolve a discussion at Talk:Nation Radio about naming a broadcast area. I'd be interested in your feedback. Thanks"
""""""" (per your user page)"""
""" 

 ==balance== 
 This page has one sentence about the basic definition of the word, and a huge amount about the slang/profane uses. Perhaps the former should be extended; is there no information about female dogs available beyond their name? This is an encyclopaedia, not a dictionary.  

  
 i feel that whoever is looking this definition up is very appropiate and should be deleted from wikipedia...IMMEDIATLY. this word is used very often and is also a very """"mean"""" word. i belive that is majorly true. very much so. okay so, the good meaning is a female dog.  BITCH !!!!!!!!!It also stands for the name Brittany Fellows—Preceding unsigned comment added by   •    

 ==etymology== 
 The word bitch is from the Old Norse Bikkjuna meaning """"female of the dog"""" of unknown origin, Grimm derives the Old Norse words from Lapp Pittja, But OED notes that """"the converse is equally possible."""" 
 The adj. Bitchy was first seen in 1925.  
 The verb meaning to complain in 1930. 
 Slang Bitchen """"good"""" is attested to the 1950's 

 == reclaiming the word bitch == 
 The word bitch is actually only offencive in American and Canadian English. In most other English variants bitch maintains it's correct definition - female canine. People have argued that bitch is different because it is used as an insult - but so is """"pig"""", """"dog"""", """"cow"""" and others. These are not considered profane, so why is bitch? As far as I am concerned, there is nothing to """"reclaim"""" as bitch simply means a female canine. 

 It may be used as a pejorative or descriptor - that does not make it a profanity. 

    
 It should definately say something about Kyle Vanderweilen and all his bitchin Is there any particular evidence of women """"reclaiming"""" the word bitch in the 90s? Can anyone point to articles on this, etc.? The song is definitely interesting and belongs here, but doesn't actually reclaim the word """"bitch"""" any more than it reclaims the word """"sinner."""" 

 Also, I don't really understand the last paragraph and it sucks  I was going to try and clear it up, but I realized I don't know what it means. Can someone point to a source that lays out the argument about bitches, fertility and patriarchy more clearly? 

 

 :We don't need articles at all as I there are definitely enough examples (even outside of the 90s). Missy Elliot cleary and repeatedly reclaims the word, for instance, """"She's a Bitch"""".   

 ::References are fine  just the name """"Missy Elliot"""" got me to find a quote of a rolling stone review that mentioned """"reclaiming"""" the word. In fact, if some one knows more about her, it might be interesting to add a section on her work and on how it relates to women/slurs more generally within hip-hop.   

 :::How relevant is this reclamation? It seems to me poison for a woman to use an epithet which still strongly connotes despised traits. I don't see how using a word connoting """"querolous"""", """"spiteful"""", and """"malicious"""" can be empowering. But I don't know; life's a bitch.   

 ::::It stems from a reaction to the prevalence of tagging any woman who doesn't adhere to a certain standard of femininity as a bitch. To use a literary example, in the novel The Handmaid's Tale the narrator related the feeling that, whenever she outsmarted a man, she could almost hear him calling her a bitch in his mind, even her own husband. -   

 :::::That literary reaction you recited is jealousy; men have names for other men who outsmart them too, but, not having a word like """"bitch"""" for them, they have to resort to a greater variety of pejoritive epithets. Though you haven't been specific, I think that standard of femininity you referred to is a pretext for subordination, which both sexes often strive to impose on the other, but men have traditionally had more power. Because it is such a popular epithet in slang, the connotations of """"bitch"""" are diffuse, though still commonly pernicious. I think bitch, in itself, is not chiefly a denunciation to punish women who do not conform to that standard, but rather a contemptuous word often used for it. 

 :::::However, I still don't see the point of reclamati"
""" 

 *@EdJohnston. Your question was about figures in summary. Here are a few points about this. 
 #Yes, the number of victims is important in an article about political repression. Therefore, the number (or a range of numbers) should be provided in the introduction. 
 #The numbers of people """"killed"""" and the number of people """"who died as a result of Communist policies"""" are different. The second number is significantly greater: it is more than 60 million (rather than 20 million) in the Soviet Union alone according to The Guinness Book of Records. 
 #I did not see any estimates of the number of people killed by all Communist regimes except """"Black book"""", which qualifies as a secondary RS written by a group of European historians. It tells exactly this: """"100 million people killed by all Communist regimes"""". They note that the number is approximate, which also should be noted in the introduction. If there are any other secondary RS that tell """"N million people killed by all Communist regimes"""", they must be also used to obtain a range of numbers. 
 #As a side note to others, it is grossly inappropriate to discuss sanctions at article talk pages. If you think that sanctions are needed, please go to appropriate administrative noticeboards and report your concerns there.   """
REDIRECT Talk:Mi Vida Eres Tú
""" 
 I'm not convinced that he was blind. Where is this documented? It's possible that he was just what we'd call """"Legally blind"""" ie didn't have great vision, and that the name """"Blind Blake"""" is an exaggerated moniker. Although I have no proof I've got a feeling that him being legally blind is more likely than totally blind. Of course I've got no evidence to back that thing up."""
"== Thanks for the Barnstar! == 

 Thank you for awarding me with the RickK Anti-Vandilism Barnstar!"
""" 

 == Ref: SS Ponzi Scheme == 

 Hi Padillah, 
 It is not my opinion that I am trying to impose here, although it may appear to be so. I am just highlighting the fact that it remains controversial whether it is or isn't a Ponzi Scheme (even if a legal one), so you cannot state as a fact that it is not a Ponzi Scheme (I saw the reference, and the perpetrator itself cannot be treated as a """"reliable source""""). In fact, claiming it is not a Ponzi Scheme seems to be an opinion in itself. My point is that a claim should not be made either way, and the edit in question just accomplishes that.  
 Thank you, 
 Virat"""
""" 

 Look, Gerry Spence has NOT """"never lost a case, criminal or civil."""" That is simply untrue. He prevailed in two cases about which he wrote books (Silkwood and the Miss Wyoming vs. Penthouse cases). He won both massively at trial, and both were completely overturned. In 1985 he represented then-15 year old Michael Jones charged with murder as a juvenile. In Oregon the trial was a criminal trial in EVERY sense except that the juvenile neither received a jury (which Spence argued at the time he was entitled to) and the sentencing authority then ended at age 21. Chief Justice Alex Kozinski of the 9Th U.S. Circuit court mentions the arrogance of trial lawyers who claim to """"never have lost a cast.""""   """"n19. There's one famous exception: Gerry Spence, at least to hear him tell it. See Gerry Spence, Gunning for Justice 47 (1982). But see Sherrie F. Nachman, True Lies, Starring Gerry Spence, Am. Law., Sept. 1994, at 13 (disputing Spence's claim made in Gunning for Justice and widely reported by the media, and quoting one victorious Spence adversary, """"It's a lie."""")."""""""
"== September 20th Truce == 

 According to several news sources, a truce was reached in Minsk last night. http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29290246"
"I'd never think I'd need to say it, but Wikipedia isn't a fansite discussion board. If anything is unannounced by any authority, it might as well be false. MMORPGs are overrated,"
But this is not the article about government position but about the reaction. Add positions to 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence or Foreign relations of Kosovo.
DJ Robinson is gay as hell! he sucks his dick so much!!!!!
"== Dracula's Grandmother == 

  
 Dracula's grandmother was a Bulgarian princess, the sister of Ivan Sratzimir. The links with the lands across the Danube remain largely unexamined. I would appreciate any serious contributions. 
 (Kaloyan)"
I have been perfectly civil in what quite clearly idiotic trolling.
"*I agree with Billfruge. The author describes the unverifiable nature of the two competing etymology theories sufficiently well so as not to mislead any reader, renders an opinion as to which of the two is more likely (and it is clear that this is the author's opinion), and presents the reader with the opportunity to accept either or neither of the two."
"==Category:Italian Jews== 

 :Category:Italian Jews, which you created, has been nominated for possible deletion, merging, or renaming. If you would like to participate in the discussion, you are invited to add your comments at the category's entry on the Categories for discussion page. Thank you."
"== Someday Never == 

 Why was the image deleted? Were there copyright issues?"
""", 5 December 2012 (UTC) 

 :::The above is, to the best of my knowledge, an accurate disposition of the facts.  The only personal opinion I offered appeared in the last sentence: """"Systems of institutionalized racism always result in injustice, and backlash is a predictable result.""""  Have noted it as such. 

 :::I think it is inaccurate to say that """"white privilege"""" and """"white supremacy"""" are interchangable terms.  In fact the usefulness of """"white privilege"""" as a concept may be rooted in the """"invisible, weightless knapsack"""" analogythose who would never entertain white supremacist ideology may still benefit from some degreee of """"white privilege.""""   17:40"""
""":I see that you moved  to Talat Hamdani. Perhaps you had not read the MfD notice on the page, which says """"please do not blank, merge, or move it, or remove this notice, while the discussion is in progress"""". (My emphasis.)    

 """
I WILL BURN YOU TO HELL IF YOU REVOKE MY TALK PAGE ACCESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"== Hebrean-Judeo-Christian == 

 What is Hebrean-Judeo-Christian) supposed to mean?"
"== Can you work your magic? == 

 Hi.  I was wondring if you had time to help out with Wikipedia:Featured article candidates/W. E. B. Du Bois/archive1.  Any input would be appreciated:  a quick scan or a full review.  I've noticed your work before and I respect your skills. Thanks."
":Fuck off, you anti-semitic cunt.  |"
Puwersa ng Masa!
"""== Quidam Software == 

 Hello Stifle, 

 I understand why you erased the article about Quidam Software. It was too short, without references etc. But actually it is my first article on wikipedia and I don't know how to ask that the article is """"under construction"""". Can you let me know please? 

 Thanks for your help.—Preceding unsigned comment added by   •   
 :Thanks for your message and welcome to Wikipedia. Please sign your messages by typing ~~~~ at the end. 
 :Quidam software was deleted under the criteria for speedy deletion, specifically number 1 under Articles, as it was a short article with little or no context. 
 :Articles on Wikipedia should generally be more than a single sentence long and need to include citations from reliable sources to comply with the verifiability policy. 
 :You shouldn't put an article up before you've got these added, but if you want to work on an article for a while, you can create a user subpage and work on the article there, before moving it to the desired article title when it's ready. 
 :I hope that this experience hasn't put you off and that you enjoy being a Wikipedian. If you require further help using Wikipedia, please place a message on Wikipedia:Help desk or just put  and a message on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to help.   """
""" 
 :There are now four references, including Britannica, giving the correct date, which is getting silly. You complain in your edit summary that you can't find them, so I've added quotes to two, to help you out. After that you're on your own: WP:SOURCEACCESS has more on this. I'm happy to concede that Britannica, alone, mentions the date you offer (but without explaining the context), so that's one of the sources I've expanded with a quote specifically mentioning 23 August.  

 :Russian Wikipedia has: """"23 августа силы 14-го танкового корпуса армии Паулюса вышли к Волге севернее Сталинграда""""  (""""August 23 forces of the 14th Tank Corps, Army [of] Paulus, reached the Volga north of Stalingrad""""), cited from the war diary of Colonel-General Franz Haider.  

 :  """
"Her body is perfect. Face, boobs, hips, all of it."
":::::I am simply relating that the research and professional organizations are essentially unanimous in indicating that these laws are not having the intended effects, and that they may even be making the problem worse. You are entitled to your opinion, of course, but your comment is making me concerned about your ability to keep your biases out of your edits."
REDIRECT Talk:Kemp's thicket rat
""" 
 :::::See above section titled """"Finsbury Park Mosque and Islamic hatred."""" Lestrade"""
"um, taking a shot here... Um lets say Three separate people whos wills are to each other."
""" 
 ::Use of """"assisted suicide"""" to refer to aid in dying is inaccurate in fourth distinctive ways. First, it was coined by Catholic activists disputing Oregon's Measure 16 in 1994 - so it carries a political bias. Second, the laws in Oregon, Washington and Vermont each do not contain the term """"assisted suicide"""" but use aid in dying. Third, assisting a suicide remains illegal in all three states - and also Montana and New Mexico. No state attorney general or county district attorney has charged any physician or pharmacist who acted within the aid in dying laws of the three states. Finally, describing people who use aid in dying, such as Brittany Maynard, suicides grossly misrepresents their experience and devalues both their lives and deaths. Continued usage of the biased and inaccurate term should be amended throughout Wikipedia.   """
See also . . . http://arxiv.org/abs/hep-ph/0009204
"== Hello == 

 Fuck off my Pagan you bareback mancunt pig slut."
"== Must be said  == 

 You are by far the most disrespectful, malicious, destructive user in all of Wikipedia. It's people like you, who abuse their power, that make this site Defunct or obsolete"
"May 2010  
  Please stop. If you continue to delete or edit legitimate talk page comments, as you did at Talk:Deepwater Horizon oil spill, you may be blocked for vandalism.      
 :If this is a shared IP address, and you didn't make the edit, consider creating an account for yourself so you can avoid further irrelevant notices."
"== BrandonYusofToropov has requested mediation over a conflict with you == 

 Ed, [User:BrandonYusofToropov|BrandonYusofToropov] has requested mediation over a conflict with you. I am willing to mediate the dispute. Do you accept? If so, please end me an email at pgunn@dachte.org."
""" August 2006 (UTC) 

 :::::A simple """"you're wrong"""" would have sufficed.No need to try and make me look like an idiot 13:01, 10"""
""" 
 :That is ridiculous. Unless there's a good and non-disingenuous response, I would absolutely agree with you blocking indef outright. Falsifying sources should simply never be tolerated. //  """
"How dare you vandalize that page about the HMS Beagle! Don't vandalize again, demon!"
"""I moved this from """"Quebec diaspora"""" to this title because disapora is a description applicable only to Jews.  """
knock it off you bloody CWI trot
aapn bhtla aanand jhala..
""" 
 *** Not via archive.org, but I can and have read the petition myself, online.  It's a primary source (meaning, a letter from you, the subject, not a secondary source), and even if not blacklisted, can't really be used, but I've entered some followup questions to admins to get more feedback.  (I know the whole story it's a question of what we can include on Wiki, per WP:V and WP:RS.) We do have text mentioning the petition from The Guardian, cited in the article now.    """
"::No, he is an arrogant, self serving, immature idiot. Get it right."
"== Continued Vandalism == 

 This user continues to vandalize articles. It should be blocked from editing."
""" 

 ==Proornis== 

 Thank you for adding an entry for Proornis on wikipedia. I have added a bit more info and correct some of your edits: 
 * try to use the Taxobox in a correct manner. In your case you added dromaesauridae as a family of archaeornithiformes and there was no mention of the genus and species. 
 * don't overcategorized your article. Proornis to my knowledge is considered a basal bird and do not really fit in the dinosaur or coelurosaur categories.  
 * add references whenever possible 
 * start an article by defining the subject. For instance: """"Proornis"""" is an extinct genus of bird discovered in North Korea. 
 I hope you will be able to follow these guidelines when you will be creating a new article. If you need help, let me know.  """
"::ICES could hardly be labelled as a very obviously pro seal hunting organization. The scientific base of seal management is the responsibility of ICES, covered out by the most prominent seal researchers in the world. I would guess even you accept that as a NPOV. 
 ::Nevertheless I appreciate your new strategy of adding information even though I still find it rather biased. Your Canadian focus makes you forget that the Atlantic cod is more than the weak North-West Atlantic cod stock. I intend to make a few corrections if you don't mind. But don't worry, I will not delete sections (like you just did). I will however ask you to be a little bit more reserved using the very touchy term vandalism when people edit articles."
"*:That's not a very good reason not to move it, though. People don't use 'color' in the UK either, do they? Keeping it at Cor anglais is right per ENGVAR, however."
""":::If you email me I'll reply with a copy of the Pignotti pdf.  It's not at all controversial that EFT show more of an effect than some treatments in some conditions.  The problem is that EFT doesn't show more of an effect than talking and tapping your arm or talking and tapping a doll.   

 :::Second, I think you're not being quite forthright when you describe the accupressure citations as """"controvert[ing] this conclusion"""".  In fact, you removed the last two and silently changed the other two.  If you want to change text that someone has already responded to, please use  and <\s>, like this, so it doesn't look like you're being sneaky.  This also looks like you're throwing in every citation you can find without reading or understanding them, hoping something will stick.  If you recall, I asked for one pdf and we're now at numbers 16 and 17 and you're just now learning what the issues are.  And, after taking a look, neither one of your new studies has anything to do with establishing the existence of """"energy systems in the body"""". 

 :::I'm not sure what to say at this point.  The most charitable interpretation I can come up with is that you're not reading what you're citing:  you're either cutting and pasting from google or some other source.  Alternatively you're reading all of these papers but have no understanding as to what they contain.  Either way, you might want to consider editing articles that better play to your strengths. 

 :::As to Feinstein's rejoinder:  it's available here.  This is an excellent lesson in tapdancing: 

 ::::[The studies he found] lend[] support for the efficacy  of tapping while mentally attuning to an emotional difficulty. Despite the design flaws found in some of the  studies, the preponderance of evidence shows energy psychology interventions to be efficacious. 

 :::The first sentence is true, but he neglects to explain why arm-tapping and doll-tapping have equal efficacy.  The second sentence equates talking and tapping with """"energy psychology"""" which has the additional baggage of energy fields that can evidently migrate to arms and dolls.   

 :::So after 18 citations what we have is the suggestion that a particular kind of talking associated with some sort of physical ritual can be more helpful than other treatments in some situations.  I would be comfortable including the two Feinstein reviews if the shortcomings pointed out in Pignotti are highlighted, and I think Waite (2003) deserves a paragraph.  I don't see an argument for including any of these other citations.  If you want to make such an argument, please be sure to read the citation first and be able to summarize how the citation supports the point you want to make.    

 """
""" 

 You wrote: 

 You will need to cite reliable sources for the assertions """"far too large to be chemical"""" and """"no endothermic storage events"""". I do not think any source can conclusively estabish either point . . . 

 It is very easy to establish both points, and there are hundreds of papers with proof of them. 

 1. The limits of chemical storage (electron bonds) are well understood. The most energy dense chemicals, such as gasoline, store 4 to 8 eV per atom. Cold fusion reactions have often produced far more than this, ranging from ~100 to ~100,000 eV per atom of the material in the cell, and in all cases there is no chemical fuel before the reaction, and no chemical ash after it finishes. Cell with a few grams of inert material in them have produced hundreds of megajoules of heat  as much as several kilograms of gasoline. if you were to burn the cell contents, they would produce only a tiny fraction of the heat. In fact, you could burn the cell, the table, and all books in the room and still get that much chemical energy. Therefore, chemistry is ruled out. 

 2. Any calorimeter can measure an endothermic event as accurately as it measures an exothermic event. For example, all calorimeters used in these studies show the endothermic formation of Pd-D at the beginning of the experiment. Since the calorimeters shows the exothermic excess heat, they would also show the endothermic storage that proceeds it. They have never done this. The heat balance is always zero before the heat bursts, and after. 

 - Jed Rothwell 

  
 HERE IS more useful information that someone keeps erasing: 

 Please note that Cal Tech (Lewis et al.) is a false negative, as pointed out by Noninski, Miles and Fleischmann. This is described in several papers, for example this one, p. 20: 

 http://lenr-canr.org/acrobat/MilesMisoperibol.pdf 

 Also, the name is Julian Schwinger (with ch). See: 

 http://lenr-canr.org/acrobat/SchwingerJcoldfusiona.pdf 

 - Jed Rothwell, Librarian, LENR-CANR.org"""
"==Image copyright problem with Image:ATT2066652.jpg== 
 
 Thanks for uploading Image:ATT2066652.jpg. However, the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status. The Wikimedia Foundation is very careful about the images included in Wikipedia because of copyright law (see Wikipedia's Copyright policy). 

 The copyright holder is usually the creator, the creator's employer, or the last person who was transferred ownership rights. Copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates. The three basic license types on Wikipedia are open content, public domain, and fair use. Find the appropriate template in Wikipedia:Image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this: {{TemplateName}}. 

 Please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload. Remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me, or ask them at the Media copyright questions page. Thank you."
:Thanks for the comment about Wiki-defenderness. I like that one. I usually wikiling Wiki-defender. I agree that at first he was somewhat innocent but now have my doubts as he is being really agressive about the whole matter.
"Can't figure out why he redshirted. No sources. ///WP:CHICAGO/WP:FOUR)   
 *"
""" 

 * You used the word """"saloon"""" to describe the car. In American English, a saloon is like a bar or pub, so I believed it to vandalism. I now understand that saloon in British English is a sedan-like car. Feel free to re-edit the article to include the information, although I would suggest citing (WP:REF) the article supporting your acceleration stats. Cheers.  """
"::You're funny.  Ugly?  We're dudes on computers, moron.  You are quite astonishingly stupid."
"It might not have been your intention, but your recent edit removed content from . Please be careful not to remove content from Wikipedia without a valid reason, which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page. Take a look at our welcome page to learn more about contributing to this encyclopedia. Thank you.  A link to the edit I have reverted can be found here: link. If you believe this edit should not have been reverted, please contact me.  ||Suggestions?"
"Agree, but that's not the issue. The queston is, in everyday English, does first amendent refer primarily to the US Constitution, or is it ambiguous? My belief remains that even fifth amendment is ambiguous, and first amendment even more so.     
 *"
""" 

 == Main towns that are not so main == 

 I know that you love to write a one sentence article. But, if you want to do that, please, at least do it properly. Stop saying """"X is a main town in Y, Z"""". What is so main about obscure towns?   """
""" 

  my comments follow, bluewillow991967 - 

 I'm sorry if I wasn't sufficiently clear.  

 On the specific subject of """"first serial"""" versus """"reprints"""" I have an interest because I write commercial fiction for a living. 

 I'm not saying a contract would contain a """"non-standard definition"""" of first serial, original, or reprint. 

 I'm saying that you quite clearly do not understand the *standard* definitions in publishing commercial fiction of first serial, original, and reprint. 

 """"Is"""" means the same thing in plain English as it does in intellectual property terminology. """"Reprint,"""" """"original"""" and """"first serial"""" mean much more specific things in intellectual property terminology than they do in colloquial English. 

 It may well be suitable to call a female crotch a vagina in a personal blog, but in an encyclopedia article talking about female genitalia, it matters that the colloquially used term is factually incorrect and the correct terminology should be used. If the correct terminology would be confusing to readers, then a hyperlink to a correct definition may be in order. 

 You are, by analogy, effectively insisting that a set of labia is a vagina. 

 (Sorry, clearest example I could think of where the commonly accepted vernacular term shouldn't be used in an encyclopedia article because it's wrong.) 

   """
""" 

 == Halliday == 

 Good to see another contributor to his article. If SFL is your thing, you might consider joining the Wikipedia:WikiProject_Linguistics/SFLSFL taskforce. Thanks.   """
""" 
 ::: That Stephen Barrett is not Board Certified is not a viewpoint. It is a fact (a well documented one at that). I don't see how WP:PROMINENCE applies.    """
Stone Sour sucks anus
":Could you do a precis of the material instead of just downloading a whole lot of stuff from somewhere else on the internet? I am only one editor here, but I do feel that the material you have provided could be cut down to fit the format of this article. More info could be provided in a seperate wikipedia article if necessary."
"Please stop. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, as you did to Kmart, you will be blocked from editing.    
 :If this is a shared IP address, and you didn't make any unconstructive edits, consider creating an account for yourself so you can avoid further irrelevant warnings."
I was merely apologising for my interference ;)
"::::Uhm people, just a short reality check. Question: we have verified that 90% of what this article is based on is bogus, entered by sockpuppets, targetted to dupe casual visitors into believing that this individual is important. Based on this evidence, why do you continue to invest countless hours to find info about a bogus fraudster? Do you really think your time is well invested here? I really don't get it, by know, many of you must have invested more hours to debunk and enhance the article that original sockpuppeteer has invested himself. Do you really think that your time and work is worth it? Do you really think that working on such a small, unimportant article in the big picture is worth your time? I'm not flaming or cursing, I'm genuinely interested what inner fire you girls and guys still keep on going with this article. Don't you just have had - enough? Your time must be in the dozens of hours already - for those few lines? Is that worth it? Aren't there other article that deserve more attention? Like I said, I'm curious why you guys don't think your time can be invested into something else with more value? Do you really think that your work is invested well here? As I said, I am really interested in your answers, not flaming or anything."
""" 

 == CatDiffuse == 

 I think the best idea would be to check its whatlinkshere every now and then and make sure the tag only shows up in cats where it's appropriate. Frankly I don't think there's much point to the tag since most people don't read cat pages, just cat contents.  """
""" 

 == Cloud feedback == 

 Why is cloud feedback only under the positive feedbacks? Just about any paper states that it can be both. That the IPCC states that it is """"more likely a positive than a negative feedback"""" doesn't change that.   """
"Avg, plenty of Greeks love the King. Stop acting like all Greeks hate him. You just parrot what the government tells us via their 'media.' We Greeks asked George I to be our King. We supported them. They reclaimed much of our lands. We voted to keep them numerous times. In the 1930's by 97% vote! 
 Also, he tried to overthrow the dictators. Read a book. The Greek government is the biggest liars. The US didn't want us to have our King and our claim to Constantinople/Asia Minor. He is a direct descendant of five Greek imperial (Byzantine) dynasties (Monomachos, Comnenos, Laskaris, Angelos, and Paleologos)."
"== Roman general Agricola and the Battle of Mons Graupius == 

 In the Total war#Early History section, it claims that the Ancient Romans practiced total war in Caledonia (now Scotland). However, neither Gnaeus Julius Agricola nor Battle of Mons Graupius confirm or even address these claims of noncombatants being killed.    |"
This is a REDIRECT discussion page. Please do not leave article related discussion here.  Please go to the article's discussion page.
"* Maybe you should have a read of that one too. Since I've decided to assist with articles on wikipedia, you have made the experience nothing but hell you piece of shit. Pull your finger out of your bureaucratic arse and rot in hell."
"== Second issue == 

 I'm thinking we need a taxonomy section; there are things that aren't really as clear as they maybe could be. Why is/what specific findings about the fossils places R. narmadensis in the subfamily Carnotaurinae? Why 'princely lizard of the Narmada'; is that significant as to the stature/behavior/predatorial prowess of R. narmadensis? If there is anything more precise on its taxonomy, such as that, it would be great to add."
""" 

 == Hey man == 

  
 I saw you removing all the fair use images from Jimi Hendrix discography. It's a bitch to do it, but good job doing the right thing. Right now I'm going through a lot of artist and discography pages looking for album covers to get rid of and other bad images. You got my back. Keep up the good work.++++ """
": But there's only one EP and one album, which is really also an EP. Even in the 70s, it would have been considered an EP, although it could have been considered an album by length in the 50s or the 60s. This is my point. They don't have two full-length albums."
""" 
 :Hi Olly, by moderator do you mean administrator?  There all no official requirements needed to become an administrator, however, the Wikipedia community must decide in favor of your request in order to be granted the rights.  Therefore, in order to have a successful request, you must show experience and trustworthiness throughout your edits over a period of time. This period of time has not set length, but more experience is favored over less.  I hope this helps,   """
"পরিচয়   

 নাম-মোঃফরহাদ ইসলাম 
 পিতা-মোঃ শাহজাহান মিয়া 
 মাতা-মোছাঃফাহিমা বেগম 
 গ্রামঃ জানকিপুর সলই মন্ডল পাড়া 
 ইউনিয়নঃনিলাখিয়া 
 উপজেলাঃবকশীগঞ্জ 
 জেলাঃজামালপুর  
 বিভাগঃঢাকা 

  
     ।।।।।।।।।।।।।।। 

  

 আমি ১৯৯৭ সালের ২০.জানুয়ারি আমার নানার বাড়িতে জন্মগ্রহণ করি। ২০০০ সালে নিজ গ্রামের স্কুলে ভর্তি হয় এবং ওই স্কুল থেকেই প্রাইমারি লেবেল শেষ করি।২০০৬ সালে ভর্তি নিজ ইউনিয়নের নিলাখিয়া আর জে পাইলট উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়ে ৬ষ্ঠ শ্রেনীতে এবং সেখানে ক্লাস এইট পর্যন্ত পড়ি।। পরে ভর্তি হই বকশীগঞ্জ টি.ভি.আই  এ সেখান থেকে ২০১২ সালে এস এস সি পাশ করি।তার পর টেক্সটাইল এ ডিপ্লোমা করার জন্য ভর্তি হলাম শহীদ আব্দুর রব সেরনিয়াবাত টেক্সটাইল ইঞ্জিনিয়ারিং কলেজ,বরিশাল। বর্তমানে আমি এই কলেজে ৬ষ্ঠ সেমিস্টার এর এক জন ছাত্র।।"
"== scholarly corroboration of folklore == 

 My understanding is that folklore can provide clues to history, medicine, and other areas of scholarship that can be verified, in part, through archaeology, biology, and so on, but I don't have any sources handy or for which I recall titles. If anyone does, please add a section to the article about scholarly confirmation. 

 We could do the same for disconfirmation, but there's plenty on that in many places, usually in the form of debunking based on a lack of scientific evidence, which is a weaker standard than positive evidence. 

 Thanks."
"==Redirects== 
 トレイン・トレイン, トレイン トレイン, トレイントレイン, トレイン-トレイン, トレイン+トレイン, トレイン*トレイン, トレイン, トレイン, トレィン☆トレィン, Torein・Torein, Torein Torein, Torein-Torein, Torein+Torein, Torein*Torein, Torein, Torein, Torein☆Torein, Train・Train, Train☆Train, トレイン—トレイン, Torein—Torein, Train—Train, トレイン–トレイン, Torein–Torein, Train–Train 

 should redirect here"
"""::I respect your point of view, and when this discussion originated on 8th April I would have tended to agree with you. However today this is now being mentioned by multiple expert sources. The opinion of F1 driver Pastor Maldonado is """"The rules are the same for everyone, so you need to avoid incidents ... But at the same time [the threat of penalties means] you cannot race, you need to only stay on track and wait for problems."""" (original article is behind paywall on Autosport). This issue was also discussed and recognized by expert commentators during Sky Sports F1 Chinese GP Free Practice 1. I will be adding this section back to the article with appropriate references.    

 """
"i would like to take a moment of my time to apologize for leaving my workstation long enough for an idiot to use my IP to be an idiot... it wont happen again, i promise. im sure he meant this hyde, who, as it turns out, is male. he has been explained to why that was vandalism, and why obsessing over Jrock is silly."
"السلام عليكم و رحمة الله و بركاته الا الجميع 
 تفضلوا جميعا"
"""   

 ::::::::::::::Another priceless gem from yourself demonstrating your general cluelessness: ,""""The fuse rating (and therefore the plug rating in the case of a non-rewireable plug) is determined by the cable attached, not the appliance it will be used with."""". Where on earth did you dig that nonsense up from? There are plenty of good examples around, but medium to large switch mode power supplies are often supplied with nominally 3 Amp cable in a moulded on plug, many with an IEC 60320 C7 type plug (rated by that standard at 2.5 Amps). According to you, the plug should therefore be fitted with a 3 Amp fuse (determined by the cable). If you did so, you would never get any but the smallest power supplies running. You have to fit a 5 Amp fuse because the very large >40 Amp momentary inrush current lasts long enough that it will blow a 3 Amp fuse. The cable and plug can retain their original ratings because the inrush current will not harm them. The rating of the fuse is determined by much much more than the cable size alone. Indeed, the type of power supply that is built into a plug usually has no fuse at all!   17:17"""
"""This is just bizarre. Ani Medjool's abuse of wikipedia rules gets rewarded, and then he awards you a barnstar.  WTF?  Anyhow a new person, adept at ridicule, has joined in the conversation at falafel.  Sigh...   

 """
":::They're good enough that they can no longer be considered for speedy deletion. The rationales are acceptable; the actual use may still be an issue needing review, and that I would take to FFD if necessary."
""" 

 :Understandable. I've had a lot of problems with him in the past, too, particularly in regard to copyright violations and, more recently, grammar and style. But, as far as this issue goes: What, do you just want me to block both of you for 24 hours? — ''''''  """
""" 

 Firstly still making undiffable edits and refusing to use edit summaries is becoming a behavioural issue that will need to be escalated if it doesn't stop. Gun, I really don't understand why you find it so hard to follow the basic standards of behaviour required to edit in a collaborative environment. 

 Secondly, """"announcing"""" changes on someone's talk page doesn't really count as discussing them collaboratively, rather it means you discussed it with me. 

 Furthermore I told you to go to the NPOV noticeboard to raise the State University vs University issue if you wanted to discuss the issue, which you a) failed to do, b) you removed the disputed tag from the article without a result (as I suggested waiting until later), c) you made yet another diff which contained a large number of other unknown, unknowable and undisucssed changes to the article.   <> """
""" 

 ==Name in the introductory paragraph== 
 I've always been told that using """"Dr."""" & """"Ph.D."""" in the same name was incorrect, as the Ph.D. automatically conferred the status of doctor.   However, I'm not sure what to do in this case.  Since he is so well-known as """"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,"""" the normal approach of dropping """"Dr."""" and keeping """"Ph.D."""" doesn't seem to be the best answer, even though it's the one most style guides seem to endorse.  Would someone more intimately familliar with the article like to take a swing at changing it, or suggesting an alternative?   """
to fuck you and ur family
"== Mrpainkiller, Neurophyte and Jean-Philippe == 

 After a complaint at intervention against vandalism, I protected the article VampireFreaks.com.  It was either that, or block all of you for disruption and personal attacks.  I will unprotect the article in the morning.  In the meantime, please consider the following: 
 *Reverting another user's talk page is pretty rude.  There is a policy conflict between the user talk page policy, which says users can blank or archive warnings (although archiving is preferred by the community) and the vandalism policy, which says that removing warnings given to you is vandalism.  I don't agree with the vandalism point of view, and I haven't seen a lot of support for it lately except among people who are fighting amongst themselves for other reasons.  If someone deletes a warning they've obviously seen it.  If you are concerned about someone's edits, use a verbose edit summary so that even if the warning is removed the edit summary will be visible. 
 *I understand there is a view among two of you that Mrpainkiller7's edits are detrimental to the article.  There are lots of right ways to deal with this, including editing by consensus, Request for comment on the article or the user, Mediation, and third opinion.  I'm not going to judge the content, but fighting (wherever it occurs) is the wrong way to deal with the problem. 
 *Personal attacks are not to be tolerated.  Please deal with the content of edits, not character.  

 I'm leaving this message with each of you.  If you keep fighting over talk pages, I suppose I or another admin will eventually figure it's time to block someone.  Unless you are positive that you are 100% right and the other guy is 100% wrong, you should probably try and work this out peacefully in case the admins don't see things your way."
"== hrthrtdghrsdtghtrsdhtrhdgthjrtgh == 

 fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffhngviudfhgoiuerhgukfhkjgeruighervyfdohgobvijgfjgojfdhgjofhglkfhboerhgbdhoifdtyklerbhlkjhbdjgbojtgofgjrfjhlrkhilebotrjbh9jtrohibjrtlhujty;junmoytijoryjhigfjhgfjnifgjgfhkljtgilhjfdojgfdojgfkjngfdlkjgnklfgikfvihgifbfhbgkufbdsukfgglkdhvureuhgiurhgh4irtgyrehgui4t7iryggoifhgo54oerygtjeiygut8gopfe8gig89fjhg9r8tyr8hygb7hruegfigust8g0r0retugrijtrir6tihviurhgnviurwt,kcnguiergvknfgioerpjgklfupgrojgoirutkdhgl;rehgljkgyuorihfgiurwyhoug6y3oi4hg98w6u jtgnkjryt9jgoidug059jgiufd7teurjg98etujoijfgiosdug 0945ojtg0o8reuyjurfi ug945uj ygoip5uj5tg;eoiu495yp;w8y5urtg9ui8hui9g85w4mftmuv89tny0uvg8ytihguihfdkjvhu4krngkfdjs hgkjfghoeruygrhy goh tgoiugkiughgvhghghghhgghhghghghghghghghhhhhgtherkgheefjgsefdghh"
HI FRANKIE HOW ARE YOU I HEARD YOU LIKE TO SUCK FAT DICK AND PUT IT IN YOUR EAR WHOLES
"""=Outside input=== 
 *I've given this debate a bit of a read through, and for the most part, it seems clear that although the actual content of many of  may be important, they are presented in an extremely PoV manner that IMO smells agenda-pushing. Issues (ii) and (vii) below are prime examples of that, though the rest work as well. The key here that I think GoldDragon needs to understand (and trust me, I have experience with POV pushers) is that Wikipedia is not a place to campaign, all additions to the article need to be entirely factual and presented in a clearly neutral manner - something that  seems to have done well. GoldDragon's edits (specifically the ones identified as contentious in this discussion) should be reworked to be presented in a neutral manner, or else removed. In addition, this issue of what is notable enough for inclusion has come up often in my own disputes. The most useful tool I've come up with to deal with this is to ask myself """"Will the average, a-political Torontonian find this information useful?"""" Things like the election sign business for example; while interesting to those who are intensely involved, if you were to ask the average person, they'd probably say something along the lines of """"Who cares?"""" That, I find, is a good measure of notability when dealing with trivia in politician articles   

 =="""
"== black mamba == 

 It.is ponious snake of the word and but it not kills many people but king cobra kills many people in India"
"2005 (UTC) 
 ::::: Fuck you, Jim. Everyone knows I'm female. IJzeren Jan, Jim is harassing me on the basis of a medical chromosomal condition I was born with.  15:46, August 10,"
"==September 30, 2005== 
 Back to your old tricks, eh? Stop it or you'll be blocked."
#NAME?
""" 
 :::::@yash read wp:VANDAL '''''' """
"u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucksucku suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck uu suck u suck u suck u suck u suck suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u suck 
 u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucksucku suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck uu suck u suck u suck u suck u suck suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u suck 
 u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucksucku suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck uu suck u suck u suck u suck u suck suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u suck 
 u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucksucku suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck uu suck u suck u suck u suck u suck suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u su 
 u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u u suck u suck u suck u suck u sucksucku suck u suck u suck u suck u sucku suck u suck uu suck u suck u suck u suck u suck suck u suck u sucku suck u suck u suck u suck u suckck u suck"
"Slavery is forbidden in Islam?  That seems to run counter to history.  Weren't the Mamluks, simply to mention one group, former slaves?"
""":Perhaps WP:AN can provide some advice... I'm not quite sure what to do either.  —  •  •   

 """
"""I notice that you and jehockman have close connection on your talk page. Jehockman edits SEO articles and runs an SEO company(conflict of interest? That is the fox guarding the chicken coup?). Perhaps you should have this sock puppet conversation with jonathan hockman. In my opinion having an SEO masquerade as a wiki editor and using sock puppets to delete other SEO's is gamesmanship and clearly not in the spirit of providing accurate information on wikipedia but rather suppressing it. I just Googled """"seo expert"""" and out of 5 million results Mr. Guy is number 3. Not notable? What is your ajenda?  

 """
""" 
 ::No problem. Sorry my question was unclear - do you prefer the three arks picture in the article now, or the log drive photo (linked above) that probably is on Pine Creek - agree Little Pine is too little now. No idea if it was enlarged by a splash dam though, but I agree it looks more Pine than Little Pine.   '''''' """
Please do move my comment there to legitimize everything. I really don't know how to do things here. all i know is just to edit.
:::Looks like this was an old issue so I took the liberty of removing it. I don't see any difference between the non-spaced version and the spaced version now. The spaced version just makes the intro look very strange.
"I saw the cricket match played on 2nd oct 15 at dharamshala india. i just wanted to know why our bowlers do not through dot-balls. our bowlers always throw short balls; i could not understand as to why short balls on which the opponent team scored easy runs. why they do not practise for dot-balls; instead of throwing balls with speed of 147 km/hr they should throw dot-balls say with speed of 130 km/hr so that they may not score easy runs.  

 My idea is that out of 120 balls 100 were short balls.  

 please pay special attention on this  

 i am lay man but click on such things, which are very much"
"**I just revamped WP:FART, I thought a little housekeeping would give it more street cred."
""" 

 ==US== 
 I'm trying not to just be a whinger and a hand waver here, but it annoys me that there's an entire section devoted to left vs. right politics in the US, yet there's nothing similar regarding the rest of the world. The US bias of wikipedia is very irritating sometimes, though it shouldn't be, as most Internet users are in the U.S. In other words, i'm a whiny European who is too lazy to write a non US section. 

 From the US>  That's easy to fix.  Start writing more about non-US views on topics, creating topics, and  getting your friends to help.  Something that is created by users being called biased only reflects the predominant users posting and thus can easily be remedied. 

 Also from the US> No, it's NOT so easy to fix. Throughout Wikipedia you will see entries from (obviously) American authors who have no concept of a world view and automatically write from a US perspective without any attempt to qualify their language. What, therefore, tends to happen is that the US view becomes a default with international views living in ghetto-ized paragraphs.     

 Also from the US> That is actually kind of the problem with Wikipedia all around in the first place, and that is that popular ideas are not necessarily correct. You can have people posting information about the corruptibility of whatever organization, but then the organization can have its people change the entry the next day.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by     

  
 This entire dicussion lends a great deal of credibilty to the idea that the left-right spectrum poorly represents political and economic views.  It seems to me that most of the debate below is equivalent to attempting to define the square root of negative 1 with only real numbers at our disposal.  It is painfully obvious that politics is muli-dimensional.  The most that can be hoped for here is to describe how the left-right spectrum is used and leave it at that.  This should probably be a very short article.  —Preceding unsigned comment added by     

 == Better Chart == 

 I think that this page needs a metter chart. Like this one http://studentnewsdaily.com/conservative_vs_liberal_beliefs.shtml    

  
 Edit  

 I actually think that the article, in fact the whole political movement, needs a better definition of """"left-right"""". Most political parties cannot adhere to a single category, including revolutionnary movements and far-right groups, as described somewhere else in the discussion. 

 I suggest a new use of the """"left-right"""" compass. 

 The political compass uses the """"square"""" system with two axis  x and y (social and économic), which is not very accurate because I know my political ideas, and they tend to be pretty nearer to Mussolini than to Gandhi. Whatever. 

 What I suggest is a cube! 

 3 axis  x, y and z 

 Économic 
 Social 
 Politic 

 The first one defines the market system (if any) of a political group. 
 The second defines the social standing of a political group about the welfare of the people (welfare checks/charity, private/public school/medical system, etc) 
 The thirds one is, basically, the way a society treats it's people (rehabilitation/punishment, democracy/totaliratism (in which I include Soviet Communism!) etc) 

 What do you think?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by     

 == Interesting book == 

 I came across this book: Left and Right in Global Politics 
 by Alain Noël and Jean-Philippe Thérien.  I haven't read it yet but it seems to be of great interest.    

 == Removing unneccessary detail == 

 I am removing several paragraphs that are unhelpful to the article: 
 * Edmund Burke - terms left and right not used in UK then 
 * Adam Smith - terms left and r"
:Does J.P. Harris have anything to say about the Ancre?
""" 
 ::People don't need to be sent messages. They can go to the talk page and see it for themselves.—  """
REDIRECT Talk:Pieter Melvill van Carnbee (1743-1826)
""" 

 Make all the personal attacks you want. Plus I read your replies & my so called """"Spamming"""", & noticed of the 5 adimns I contacted, 2 replied in my support, while the other 3 didn't reply at all. You are the only one who has a problem. See here to fix it, ), just a little joke of course, or is it?...Mysterious pause.... Gooooooooodbye buddy, may out paths never meet again....  """
:The information looks good.  What you need to do now is remove the  template.
"==Archive 2 (Janruary 4, 2004-December 22, 2004)== 
 ==Archive 3 (February 14, 2005-September 1, 2005== 
 ==Archive 4, The Final (Janruary 7, 2006-September 30, 2006)=="
"Do the Macareena, you old coot."
":Another item that should be considered: WP's goal to serious institution and its policy not to hurt people gratuitously apply to all articles, regardless if their subjects are living or dead."
"== Don't feed the troll == 

 Responding with taunting is exactly the wrong way to respond.  Don't feed the troll.  Remove the post without comment, or don't do anything at all."
The original Homophobia in the Black Diasporic community article is god awful.  So I moved that articles information here.
"== Your a disgrace == 

 For you I am going to keep this simple You are a disgrace and you give admins a bad name. Is because of editors like you that Wikipeda sucks to edit and continues to not only lose editors but its editors like you that prevent new editors from joining. Kumi"
"::::That policy if it ever existed is not the policy now, and when every other map in the media shows the status of same sex marriage law (not effect) how would such a policy reflect on Wikipedia, which is supposed to be the most current source of encyclopedic information in the world?"
""" 

 ==Requested page protection== 
 I can no longer edit this article under these intolerable conditions. I have requested page protection for edit warring by Sceptical. I find his attitude and editing alongside him very antagonistic and it is only going to provoke me to personal attacks. There is zero chance of the article passing FA if it is going to be constantly edit warred so may as well forget it. |  """
""" 

 :Please accept my apologies.  I interpreted your statement """"Find a quote yourself, or move it, I don't care"""" to mean that you thought the source could be removed instead of finding a quote.  My mistake!   """
":::While I tend to agree with all of this and am as slightly annoyed as anyone that we appear to have been blamed even though our article was accurate and respectful at all times, and Mr. Roth was treated with dignity and respect at all times... it's always in my nature to think about how we might do better in the future."
":I appreciate you asking, RoyBoy.  My response may seem a lot less appreciative. 

 :It violates WP:V.  In a word, it is tendentious, just like the one that's been forced into the abortion article.  It is still a POV pushing, unsourced compromise with a small group and its meat puppets.  Even the medical definition is abbreviated and distorted as the result of the context, suggesting death is part of the medically accepted definition of abortion. 

 :Here’s yet another source to add to the ignored source list.  The ‘’Oxford Thesaurus’’:  In all the entries that contain abortion, death (including its variants) is not listed.  The main entries include miscarriage, monster, prevention, termination, and veto. 

 :I think the only potential solution for this now is arbitration."
KSchwartz is an annoying person who often smells of rotten fish and burnt animal hair.  He has a passing interest in Wikipedia.
"June 2007 (UTC) 
 :It being a first isn't very important, but mentioning the control scheme is, I think, notable.   22:23, 19"
""" 

 :::I just reread the section...I have no idea why the section is labeled """"Views of the Faithful"""".  The section has very little to do with Mormon viewpoints and is a hodgepodge of critiques mixed with minor Mormon viewpoints.  It definitely needs work.  However, I still will like for your specific ideas so that they could be incorporated, GMK.   """
""":::ok Fadix says that I am loosing credibility. it seems that when ever someone comes and tells something else he looses credibility. let me introduce myself first I am new comer here and not (obviously) in any way professionaly involved in history studies (I have a PHD in Neuroscience). and not getting any money from the Turkish goverment. and I am not a Holocoust denying neo-nazi either.I just read the article because of the relatively new debate here in Germany(ok i will be honest I have a Turkish girl friend and I am interested in Turkish history. and now i am using her computer. Does that reduce my credibility, probably yes ha?). I am sory to give this description but I get the impression that i will soon be blamed of beeing a Turkish propagandist, goverment person, racist whatever. Am I too sensitive. No take a look at the discussion history and see that these accusations are there.    
 I am making clear points that any sane unbiased human cam make. First of all the article issues the Genocide as a fact! A fact but with still some discussions (most of them being from the Turkish goverment). This gives the inevitible impression that all issiue is largely accepted(final verdict). Yet it is not!!!  
 Secondly the term Genocide can only be used under certain conditions (as in the holocoust). in this case there is a real doubt if these conditions are met!!! still the article freely and carelessly uses the term just only because some people or countries recogonise it that way. Do we have the right to blame a nation with this ultimate crime just because of that??? Genocide guys this is no joke!!! tell it 100 times for 90 years and Turks are Genociders! Cool! 
 third: after building up the genocide idea The article mainly represents the opposing view as the view of the Turkish goverment as clearly described by the headings (the position of Turkey,the position of Turkish authorities, political issues) as well as the content. which inevitibly gives the impression that the opposing view is just bull S*** Turkish propaganda. But it is not! Many Prof. and researcher of the era say that it is not. (As seen in the attached letter). yet fadix wrote that these prof were actually accepting the genocide they were fooled in to this (quoting Israel Charny). this is ridiculous. I dont know who the hell is Israel Charny or he really claims something like that. But please we are not stupid people. this was a letter to the representatives and these people who signed it are Profs. for gods sake!!! also If these prof were in favor of the genocide and really fooled in this conspiracy later they would have said """"ok guys I am misslead and fooled into this"""" and this would be the ultimate tool for Armenian side too ridicule and discredit the Turkish side. Is it the case? No!(so fadix what about credibility) 

 I am not bitching anyone. I am not using citations and names to blurr peoples mind. if you read my previous adds you will see that i am trying to use a carefull language. I am sorry again if I used harsh words. But after reading the long history of discussion in this page I have the impression that Fadix (who seems to be the main edittor in this page)has a certain attitude towards the issue and despite serious oppsition now and in the past he is just pushing the article his way.  

 ok Fadix I believe in your good faith. I am a dumb ass who doesnt know any thing about history .please give me answers. I am just asking plain, crystal clear questions. I dont want to hear citations, dates and historian names. just logical anwers!! Just logical answers which will show that you are unbiased!!! Or you may choose to say I believe in Armenian genocide and that is why I chose to ignore... 

 1. how can you use the nomenclature or lets say the word """"genocide"""" so easily knowing that it is desribed and only can be declared by international law. also knowing that there is robust objections to the usage of this term. Are you the ultimate expert. Are you the head of an international court?(if yes where is self defence?)  ((you say Go try finding such a section in the Cambodian genocide article, the Nanking massacre article, Rwanda genocide article. I could not see a Cambodian genocide article, in Rwanda genocide: United Nations set up the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, so the guild is described by law. Nanking massacre is a perfect example!!! why is it not called a genocide but massacre? is it because the guilt is not described by law??!! and in the discussion there is no real objection to the issue accept the numbers) 

 2. why does the article present the genocide as a fact? (I hope you wont tell that it doesnt). why do you build up the article so that people are first instructed that there is indeed a genocide and only later show the objetions. 

 3. why is there no data about armenian gangs killing muslims and raiding villages before and after 191"
:Gimme Dat Ding (song) →  – Mainly known as a song not an album.
"==Vandalism== 

 Hello Barbara.  
 It appears you have a long history of vandalism, and after another incident I am afraid I have no choice but to request a 'permanent ban from administrators. I wish you good luck for the future."
": I came across the lawsuit info while I was doing research to see if the entry was notable. That what was came up for Coit Cleaners. I understand how you feel, and if what you say is true (that it was a bullshit suit), it really sucks that your Grandfather had to go through that  there's nothing worse that being falsely accused. However, I was just describing  the facts of the case, that's all I can do."
You should not always ask me about everything. I am not kind of wiseman. Try to ask at WP:AN. I really do not know.
SURKHAIL IS GAY AND A WASTE OF TYME LOOL LOL!!!
All the other DAPs have similar links and no one has complained.
":::also fwiw I nominated polyamorous people for deleting, take a look and weigh in if you like."
Please review the conflict of interest guideline before you begin editing again.
jonhs a big fat smelly russian warrier who live in china town be side the fat hamster scary fagit who ha one eye and tits
"== ur a dick == 

 ..."
"Since you have no further defence of your unsubstantiated claims of unreliability, or to your oversight of precise statements in the provided citations that Israel indeed broke the ceasefire (thus rendering your claim of 'editorialising' refuted), I will post a WP:3O."
:Thank you very much for your review! And didn't you know pony people are the most important people around...closely followed by the bishop people? *grin* Thanks again.
YOUR MOM LIKES TO GOLF WITH MY DADS BIG BALLS!!!
"mmm, the see also's a crap. why list of bands from europe?  User:arieriswandy"
""" 

 == Revision of a paragraph in mind-body section == 

 The following paragraph appears in the section on mind-body problem 
 ::Incompatibilism requires a distinction between the mental and the physical, being a commentary on the incompatibility of (determined) physical reality and one's presumably distinct experience of will. Although  substance dualism offers such a distinction, a less extreme form of naturalism known as non-reductive physicalism may also suffice. Although one might suppose that mental states and neurological states are different in kind, that does not rule out the possibility that mental states correspond to neurological states. Under non-reductive physicalism, although physical states do cause mental states, they are not ontologically reducible to them. In one such construction, mental events supervene on physical events, describing the emergence of mental properties as correspondent to physical properties. This relationship is known as causal reducibility. Non-reductive physicalism is therefore often categorised as property dualism rather than monism, yet other types of property dualism do not adhere to the causal reducibility of mental states - such as epiphenomenalism. 

 I understand the urge to recast the preceding discussion in a form more similar to the rest of the article. But I don't find this paragraph, although superior to its predecessor, has quite made the grade. I'd like to try to do this in a manner reverse to that of the paragraph; that is, go from the simple viewpoint to the technical rather than vice versa. A single paragraph won't do it. Here is a possible substitute (please take it as a suggestion to be tinkered with): 
 ::One may choose as a starting point the point of view that mind and matter constitute different things. One may then take several views about how or even whether they interact. At one extreme there is no interaction at all. At another extreme, mind completely controls matter or the other way around. In between, one may say mind and matter each influence each other to a degree, in some cases one is more in control and sometimes the other. 
 ::We might attempt to establish which of these choices is best, but that seems to be out of reach at the moment. Instead, we will simply connect these possibilities with various identifying labels of historical importance.  If one takes the extreme view that mind completely controls matter, or vice versa, in effect the controlled aspect is simply an appendage of the controlling aspect, and may be considered simply as a property of the controlling aspect. The two substances are then simply one, albeit perhaps with some additional attributes, and this viewpoint is called monism, which takes on several forms as described in that Wikipedia article.  
 ::An example, is epiphenomenalism, that mind is just a peculiar side effect of matter. Thomas Huxley described the relation between mind and matter as follows: 
 :: 
 ::Huxley goes on to say he sees no difference from humans in this regard. Very similar to this point of view is reductive physicalism adopted by some neuroscientists: 
 ::{{quote|...consciousness is a biological process that will eventually be explained in terms of molecular signaling pathways used by interacting populations of nerve cells... |Eric R. Kandel|In Search of Memory: The Emergence of a New Science of Mind}} 
 ::The view that mind and matter are different is called dualism, and it again takes on several forms described in that Wikipedia article. Within this description are various degrees of control of one entity over the other, ranging from complete autonomy of one or both entities, to some degree of interdependence. Considerable interest attaches as to what forms of interdependence might arise. 
 ::For example, even if mental states and neurological states are different in kind, that does not rule out the possibility that mental states bear some correspondence with neurological states. Under non-reductive physicalism, physical states do cause'' mental states, but they are not ontologically reducible to them. In one such construction, mental events exhibit emergence from physical propertie"
I have 10 pictures of armed gaddafi loyalists (mostly from 2013-2014) they are all taken from facebook/YT videos would they be classified as fair use?
""" 

 == Misplaced """"warning"""" == 

 If your intention is to report me accusing me of edit warring, this is the correct place: WP:AN3. The talk page of the article is not the place to do so. Please follow the WP:TPG and remove the section you opened over there. Regards.    
 :It is a record of your warring not an official report - I don't want you banned, I want you to edit in a more consensus way - that is all -    
 ::You can keep a record of whatever you want on your own talk page. Per the talk page guidelines you can not use the talk page of the article to do so, as  correctly told you. Your last edit as well goes against the guidelines. I suggest you read them after removing the section from the article. Regards.    
 :::User:Gaba_p - where is it exactly stated that I cant detail your warring on the talkpage?    
 ::::Precisely in the place you've been pointed to no less than three times already, the WP:TPG: 
 ::::* Talk pages are for improving the encyclopedia, not for expressing personal opinions on a subject or an editor. 
 ::::Do as you will, you've already been warned enough times. Regards.    
 :::::it is improving the encyclopedia by reporting your warring -    
 ::::::OK. Regards.    

 == Deepak Kamani == 

 Could you take a look at the revised Deepak Kamani article?    

 I was asked to come back and reconsider - There have been edits additions from   - it still looks like an attack story, it looks more like an attack story after the  changes - I can not change my position to require removal from publication    

 ==  Calling the First Minister an Arsehole == 

 I put the story back ,the truth hurts ? I guess you need £ 8,000 really badly 

 I have now put it back again and will continue to do so every time you remobve it 

 You need to try and understand that the wikipedia entry is public property ,you don't own it . 

 :I really don't care about this truth, in fact I agree completely with Mike Daily. You  need to understand that this wiki has rules and you are not following them. FYI I wouldn't qualify FOR THE 8000 euro minimum wage    

 you may not care about the truth ,some of us do 

 NO NEED TO SHOUT 

 LINK ADDED http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/tweet-rant-lawyer-will-not-resign-168480n.24573484 

 HAPPY ? -) 

 == Hello! There is a DR/N request you may have interest in. == 

 This message is being sent to let you know of a discussion at the Wikipedia:Dispute resolution noticeboard regarding a content dispute discussion you may have participated in. Content disputes can hold up article development and make editing difficult for editors. You are not required to participate, but you are both invited and encouraged to help find a resolution. The discussion is about the topic Talk:Bob's Burgers.  
 Please join us to help form a consensus. Thank you! —    (DRN volunteer) 

 == Suzannah Lipscomb == 

 Hi, I only tried to add education info to the article. I don't think there is any contenscious in the info I added? I apologise for messing up the references when editing- I think these are ok no"
"== Racist Girls == 

 How can this article possibly not mention the famous incident regarding the two racist girls whose video became viral and got them expelled from the school, unconstitutionally?"
"== Hands off my noobs P == 

 It's not that I'm particularly concerned about the loss of , but did you really need to step in and hardblock there? 

 I saw the test edits. I saw the username that, while not violating any particular part of policy, managed to be an astoundingly bad choice of username anyway. I responded to these issues with the warning I felt was appropriate, feeling that the user could have a second chance under a less moronic username. 

 Yes, I am more patient with newbies who screw up than you are. We can each have our own approach to adminship. But I don't unblock and warn noobs you've just hardblocked, so how about you don't hardblock noobs I've just warned? 

 And if this was just an oversight, that's fine. Again, it is unlikely that Wikipedia will suffer from the loss of this user."
"Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, as you did at Henry Hudson, you will be blocked from editing."
Are you also suggesting all paintings of black moors are fake too? are you saying that they should be white?
"::Assyrian nationalists should just go back to using  instead of drawing a new flag every five years and then shout at each other over it. Seriously, it looks undignified to any bystander."
"this is realy crap man Boots is one tite ass who treats its staff like slaves, mister richard you realy need to calm the preasure on the staff hire more staff and stop it with your gridy ideas that will fail the company, P.S a very deapreciated staff that has so much potential."
she was a horny leader.earthgirls are easy to fuck.
"lol @ the Manly-Cronulla rivalry.  

 I'm adding a coaches section."
"EdJohnston you are wrong, I did not file the report, BenHen1997 did. You also did not block the other person but only one of the several IPs they were using."
""" 

 == Shameless Canvass == 

 Hello, Diannaa! Thanks for blocking that horrible puke again. When I """"translate""""  on your page I get mad. He is just a total piece of garbage. Thanks again!   """
go fuck yourself ...cunt
"WHAT THE HELL 

   Justin"
"* Delete, combine the apparent controversy of this link and that I think most articles have too many external links (this is what search engines are for).  June 29, 2005 02:31 (UTC)"
Would you stop it already? WP:TE
running into houses and killing people...... shame.....
:::::: You had to consider??? Humph!!!!!!! N...
"== my edit in Arkansas – Ole Miss rivalry == 

 Sorry about that - didn't realize the logos weren't non-free images."
""" 
 :We've gone through those """"more than enough contemporary scholars"""" and their """"sources"""" long ago and all those sources were in reality rejected. See the archives and the discussions. Again, per Georgians scripts you cannot have that kind of wording because this is way too much controversial and disputed issue and everything concerning the Georgian script or its origins should be based upon its main article. You cannot claim A in one article and B in another. So please, leave out this edit warring and get aware those long discussions at the Georgian scripts article. It is a very complex issue and you cannot describe it in one sentence by bombarding it with some cherry picked sources.  """
"this whole wiki is misinformation, note new world order (CONSPIRACY THEORY) uh, I think we've proved they exist so its not a theory any longer is it...fucking tool's"
""" 
 ::::To the individual who is so insistent to add all the """"future destinations"""", take a look at WP:NOTCRYSTAL. While you may have reference sources to the information posted, it's just PURE SPECULATION and cannot be verified. Nothing is firmed except London.   """
"WP:SOAPBOX, WP:FORUM, etc. Please engage in your conspiratorial fantasies elsewhere."
The specific page linked to is just junk in regards to our policies on sources - check it for yourself.
""" 
 ::Or just click the """"move"""" tab at the top of the page to move it to the new title. Remember to remove the User: prefix. This is easier, and better.  [  ] """
""" 

 == Religion == 	   

 One thing which I have heard numerous times and which is not explicitely stated in the article is that the US """"way of living"""" religion is often seen as Freedom of religion, but not freedom from religion: one can chose any religion he wants (preferably a variant of Christianism  and preferably a variant of protestantism if one wants to have fair chances to obtain high positions), but atheism, or even agnosticism, are not well tolerated. 	   
  	   
 This is especially observable when wealthy evangelists from the USA go on their """"evangelisation"""" trip to Europe and start talking about religion to people in the streets, a subject widely regarded as very personal. 	   
  	   
 I don't know how this could fit in the article though (I'd rather discuss this here before).   	   
  	   
 :Are you American? I ask that because it sounds like you have the common """"I've heard America is this way"""" idea. I'm an American, live in a nice city with many friends in different social classes and with different backgrounds and I would say that religion is totally on the back-burner with people choosing whatever they like and not dropping it on others. I personally feel religion is for the most part a crock, and when I discuss that fact I get a wide variety of replies and thoughts, but nobody is trying to convert me. If I see a televangalist on TV I just turn the channel, no big deal. Now as far as the midwest gos, I can't really speak from experience but my idea is that the US as a Christian fundamentalist factory is WAY overblown in the foreign press. We get sterotyped as a caricature of what we are...like when you get a charcoal sketch of yourself at the beach and the guy draws your ears really big and has your head all mishapen to highlight your features, way overblown! I could say that I don't like all the German shit-porn videos that I know they are really into and that I should include a section on the Germany page about fecal-defecater-porn because it is so prevelant in their society when really that is kind of a personal thing, but I realize that Germany really isn't THAT into filming themselves shit on each other and I know it is an overblown viewpoint of Germans in America. Does that go too far to make a point? Sorry if I offended any Germans, totally for explanation sake ) Anyway, we need a rebuttal section first that highlights the fact that some of this is misconception propogated by ignorance of Americans and religous extremism too   	   
  	   
 ::Rama is perhaps unwittingly revealing a major root of anti-American sentiment abroad. Ignorance.   |   	   
 
 ::: I don't say that this is true exactly the way it is shown on some media. Just that lots of people percieve it this way, and that some traits in American Weltanshaung confort this perception. The """"In God we trust"""", swearing on the Bible, religious proselytism abroad and other punctual details like this can give an overall impression which is the subject of the article.  """
Supporting gay rights does not put him in opposition with his church. If he supported gay marriage that would.
""" 
 :Aw, you aren't so bad yourself.   ) """
"on February 21, 2015."
":::::::::The rapcore article cites 15 sources which back up all information stated, including the basics of the genre. The only person who is evading anything is Ridernyc, who avoids any instance in which he would be forced to admit that he is wrong. (  )"
". 

 FUcking stuid asses, you have to apply for one when your 16 stupid fucks"
"just a community post: isnt DB2FSS a First trimester screening, a prenatal test aimed to detect diseases or conditions in a fetus or embryo"
"If not here are some more: 

 The Macedonian language in the development of the Slavonic literary languages B Koneski - 1968 - Kultura 
 A diachronic interpretation of Macedonian verbal morphology MJ Elson - 1990 - Edwin Mellen Press 
 Two typological gaps in stress systems: arguments from early language acquisition S Peperkamp, E Dupoux - 2000"
"Tom is right. Here's a simple solution: Remove quotes from sources that do not explain their analysis. I've said this before and the ridiculous quote remains. Without objection, I would like to clean-up unreliable sources who are spewing pure hate and don't even bother to justify their postions."
"::::Buffoon Synonyms:    bozo, buffo, clown, comedian, comic, fool, harlequin, humorist, idiot, jerk, jester, joker, merry-andrew, mime, mimic, mummer, playboy, prankster, ridicule, stooge, wag, wit, zany."
""" 

  
 == Confusion upon Globus == 
 Shouldn't we mention that professor posses a huge penis? And I'm not joking. It doesn't seem very apropriate given that it is a children series and thus I find it amusing and strange. (maybe it's not important, bit what about the """"once apon a time"""" section, I find it similar) To be clear what am I talking about, here is a picture: http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y15/odinchoy/fserie_vie06.gif (Globus is the man on the right side) I mean this seriously ;)   """
""" 
 ::::::Thank you for your comment.  (According to this diff, 98.116.147.84 and  is one and the same editor, is that correct?  And is 98.200.203.99 a different editor, or also the same?). 
 ::::::If there is not a reliable source for anything in this article, it can be removed on that basis.  No original research is permitted at WP, so the personal experience of any given editor here is not relevant.  If it can be backed by a source, it goes in the article; if not, it doesn't 
 ::::::For that same reason, I have reverted your recent edit to the article.  For one thing, I do not know what """"forum facilitation"""" might be or how it could be a primary purpose of a communal living arrangement.  If you would like to propose the changes you want to make one at a time, providing reliable sources for them and working to arrive at an agreed-upon version that best summarizes those sources, we can discuss that here.  That is already what  and I have begun to do above; if you have an objection to the wording of the lead section that we have already agreed upon, please express that objection here before continuing to revert that text from the article.  Thank you.  ☯  """
I hate everything @$$
":Eek, but shes cute in an earthy kind of way. Cant sing for shit though. Thanks for giving me an unhappy memory."
::::'Found' them? He has already told us that the documents concern his registration of the name 'El Marino'. As to whether these supposed documents say anything whatsoever about a newspaper published in 1917 I have no idea - but they aren't a third-party source either way. They are primary-source documents confirming his personal actions.
""" 
 :::""""Draga"""", apparently means """"Dear"""" (Google Translate). Yes, I am able to understand almost every Romance language at an intermediate level. I never stated that I could """"speak"""" Romanian. Also, I removed the babel list because I could not find a proper position for it, as it took too much space and made my userpage long. How is that any of your concern?   """
"::Hullaballoo Wolfowitz believes that editors should comply with WP:RS, which requires editors to be careful about circular referencing, as quoted from the applicable policy above.  aparently doesn't support complying with this policy, or WP:CIVIL, or WP:NPA."
"== Can somebody move this page to Caitlyn Jenner and redirect to Bruce?  == 

 Is an admin planning on moving this page to Caitlyn Jenner and redirecting Bruce Jenner, rather than the opposite (which is the current state)?"
"==Wikimania== 
 Hello.  We're chatting right now at Wikimania.  Pleased to meet you."
"Thanks for experimenting with Wikipedia. Your test worked, and has been reverted or removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do. Take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia. Thanks.     (comment moved from user page by  )"
""" 

 ==Page name change== 

 I think it would be a good idea to move this article to OE (overseas experience) as the term used is nearly always OE with a qualification of (overseas experience) if the user of the term does not think that person to whom the comment is directed will understand. 
 A Quick google will confirm this: 
 *  about 110 English pages for """"overseas experience (OE)"""" 
 *  about 1,300 English pages for """"OE (overseas experience"""" 
  """
This page is a complete nonsense... The tallest mountain on Sal island is Monte Grande (as also mentioned in the page)... Does Sal have two tallest mountains ??
"::You still don't get it man, the RECOUNT has been declared.  The race itself hasn't yet because of the challenge, but the recount's results have declared Franken the winner of the recount.  Sorry, but you need to back off and accept the fact that technically Franken is the winner of the recount until the courts say any different."
"for all peoples living East of a certain line, like the Vistula, because he distinguishes them from other large ethnic groups in the same area, the Fenni (probably Finno-Ugric) and the Sarmatians themselves. Taking that together with Jordanes'"
""" 

 P.S. IMHO, this all falls under the category created by  on her talk page, which she appropriately refers to as """"loopy talk page discussions/scoldings.""""  """
Here is another one  http://www.omniglot.com/writing/norwegian.htm
""" 
 ::Sleetman is still blocked because he has yet to really apologize for violating WP:CIVIL. All of his """"apologies"""" have skirted the issue. In his second unblock request, he says that he wouldn't have done what he did had he known Bearcat was gay...does that mean it's okay to call straight users ma'am after they've asked you not to? In his third request, he says he would have stopped had Bearcat told him why it was offensive. You don't need to be told why something is offensive - if someone asks you to stop, it's not that hard to just stop. In the last request, he just points us to the first three...and then defends himself! All in all, not the best sequence of events if you want to get unblocked.  """
REDIRECT Talk:Ponhook Lake 10
"""[[ This is my first time on wikipedia and I have not found how to make my own comments page, so I am putting the comment here. I just changed the piece on hierocracy, because I've never heard it used as a synonym for theocracy, and it has its own perfectly clear meaning in the work of Weber which has been widely adopted. I suspect that whoever wrote that bit had no idea what he was talking about.  

 I find the whole entry for theocracy completely unsatisfactory, starting with the definition. Again, it reads as if the writers had no idea about the subject and have it confused with several other topics. I think it would be hopeless to try to repair the page by successive edits. It needs to start with a proper definition of theocracy that distinguishes theocracy from caesaropapism and clearly says that a pious society is NOT by definition a theocracy, and also that church establishment is not compatible with theocracy, but is compatible with caesaropapism. Theocracy is a form of government, not a social quality, it can be defined as """" """"a government in which the persons and institutions of the religious order either control or replace the organs of the civil government."""" (Sen McGlinn, Church and State, page 243).  

 Then it is clear that Iran is a theocracy, Saudi Arabia is not, and so on through all the other questions discussed here. The problem is a vague and too broad definition at the outset. One should rather start with a clear and hard definition, and later note that in popular usage the term has become an almost meaningless pejoritive applied to religion in public places.  

 Can somebody enlighten me about how one goes about fixing the page? One obvious step would be to ask for input via the editors of the Journal of Church and State (Baylor University, they have a research school on this topic). Email me at Sen.sonja [at] Casema.NL - Sen McGlinn ]] 

 """
does she respect howard stern's penis?
", but you should really try some of that good GRILLED DICK"
Harchibald Discussion
"::::Fair enough.  I don't think I'd have trouble getting more cites, but I don't see the value in showing that many people disagree with the result: this is something most people will already have an opinion on.  I just wanted to insert a citation that says that showed the FIG ruling wasn't the end of the public opinion on the issue."
""" 
 :Actually, I agree with the POV tag. The lead sentence should include something about her status as a political prisoner and her experience in prison. In the meanwhile, I added your source, SAGE Encyclopedia, to the sentence about """"seditious conspiracy"""". Best,    """
", 18 June 2006 (UTC) 
 ::What part of 3rd party source do you not understand? Simply give us the name of the book, journal, newspaper, or whatever it is and let us find it for ourselves. Why do you keep resisting this?  01:46"
""" 

 ===Use of """"Nepal Bhasa""""=== 
 The term """"Nepal Bhasa"""" is used in English, officially as well as commonly. Here are some examples and facts about its use- 
 * Google ngram search shows that Nepal Bhasha has exceeded the use of Newar language here. 
 * Government of Nepal (see picture of news about the Government's stance is there in the page itself)  
 * Nepal Bhasa Academy (in its publications and awards) 
 * Nepal Bhasa Parishad (in its publications and awards) 
 * World Newah Organization (examples of use in page 2,3 and 7) 
 * Central Department of Nepal Bhasa, Tribhuwan University, the only university with curriculum in Nepal Bhasa (News about scholarship in Nepal Bhasa) 
 * Nepa Pasa Pucha America-ye (An example see page 9) 
 * Pasa Pucha Guthi UK (An example) 
 * Rising Nepal daily (Example) 
 * Dharmodaya Sabha, the national Buddhist organization of Nepal (The publications in the language are listed as Nepal Bhasa) 
 * Asha Archives, the biggest archive of Nepal Bhasa literature (Website) 
 * Journal of Lumbini Buddha Dharma Society (Example) 
 * Journal of Newar Studies (An example  
 * Archive of English essay about Tipitaka translation project in Nepal Bhasa (they have been publishing various segments of Tipitaka in Nepal Bhasa) 
 * Lotus research center Activities in Nepal Bhasa  
 * English-Nepal Bhasa dictionary in Amazon 
 * Mobile phone Nepal Bhasa dictionary app 
 * Matina international website 
 * Miss Newa (Miss best Nepal Bhasa is one of the categories, Official website with contestants talking about Nepal BhasaTHT news about using Nepal Bhasa) 
 * Nepalmandal.com, one of the very few websites in Nepal Bhasa, stating their objectives regarding Nepal Bhasa 
 * Image Channel Nepal Bhasa section 
 Thank you  """
"The article The Super Communists has been speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This was done because the article seemed to be about a person, group of people, band, club, company, or web content, but it did not indicate how or why the subject is notable, that is, why an article about that subject should be included in Wikipedia. Under the criteria for speedy deletion, articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time. If you can indicate why the subject is really notable, you are free to re-create the article, making sure to cite any verifiable sources. 

 Please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable, and for specific types of articles, you may want to check out our criteria for biographies, for web sites, for bands, or for companies. Feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this."
""" 
 **Nice work with the Search and Capture model. Do you think you could find citations for the new material? 
 ::And no problem, though the IP has responded to you with a rather lengthy """"defense"""" on the Talk. He argues that the theory isn't """"fringe"""" or nonsense, and that the criticisms are either strawmen or have been answered. —  """
If the indigenous population is so low why do they think they deserve everything
""" 

 == Top Gear of The Pops == 

 Should we put something about what they did for comic relief on that top gear special this year. That """"Sofa,Hyundai,Administration"""" song   
  """
and lewd sex in China
""" 
 ::::: is a confirmed  sock.  """
"== No more April Fool'd edits by me in the article space. == 

 I will not make any more April Fool's edits in the article space. 

 Just in case you never saw it, here is my April Fool's edit from last year."
"== RE: User talk: 24.121.73.22 == 

 It wasn't my intention. This IP adress is shared by 4 users."
"I absolutely agree with you. Something is very wrong with my English if you misunderstood me as though I said all Haredim regected Rabbi Hirsch's way. What I said was actually quite the opposite:In the beginning Agudat Israel was based on the legacy of Torah im Derech Erech. Afterwards, the Litvaks changed it, but even today there is no dichotomy between Agudat Israel and Rabbi Hirsch's way."
""" 

 """"Judge Thomas H. Wilson that Genarlow Wilson's punishment be declared cruel and unusual"""" 

 Judge Wilson orders release of sex offender Wilson? Smells wrong. 

 The perverse acts of this convicted sex offerender clearly merits his conviction. Else, he hadn't been convicted by the American legal system.  """
"== Bitch Creek Cow Camp Idaho == 

 Hey- Just a heads up, I looked into this one, and indeed, there is a place named, Bitch Creek Cow Camp. Wanted to let you know that the folks in Idaho, need not worry"
""" 

 ==Two short stories== 
 *The list of works contains something called """"The Mysterious Portrait"""". Is this the same as the short story """"The Portrait""""?  """
""" 

 == May 2015 == 
 """
""" 
 ::Lol, and there we have it, right on time. As far as I remember, the only person who kept raving about """"undue weight"""" was yourself, so I fail to see how that can be the reason for anything. The third row was reverted simply because you and three others didn't like it. But I see, the details of a civil war are determined by numbers. In fact, this entire page seems to be testament to the fact that terms can be redefined to serve an agenda. Israel cannot be part of the infobox, because external factions need to make a """"certain number"""" of attacks. A war faction can't be considered separate because it has not contributed with a """"certain percentage"""" of fighting. Are you fucking kidding me?   """
go suck some fucking cock and stop blocking my edits u cock.
""" 
 ==Brothers== 
 The List of association football families of note was listed Giuseppe Colucci (footballer) and Leonardo Colucci, but i think it is un-sourced. Anyone have source please cite it and add back to article.   """
"::::Well, it sucks to have a university to be nicknameless. And it's the first time in NCAA history that it has happened. /"
"== Argh == 

 Some random idiot deleted the whole Japan article <."
"== hello == 

 you are an T0T@L D0UCH3 B@G"
"Melanie; PLEASE read previous debates on these very issues. (PS; are you hitting the Save page button multiple times? several server hangups - sometimes happens when two people are simultaneously submitting) Article used to have extensive discussion of Limbaugh's cost analysis and logic, BUT to include material on Limbaugh's cost analysis and logic, you then have to include Limbaugh's ACTUAL cost analysis and logic. It isn't anywhere on the page, not because nobody knows what it was, but because the controversy being dealt with in this page is ENTIRELY about sexist and misogynistic language. Consensus has been established several times on the subject, and always coalesces around excluding it. PERSONALLY, I do NOT want to have to include the math through which Limbaugh came up with his calculation s that Fluke was having sex at least 3 times a day to justify the number, and I cannot believe that you want to renew the debate."
:::::::?????????????? You added and the opposing Mukti Bahini fighters which were supported by Indian Army. So you think that is not duplication????????????????? Or you think the rebels were so bad they ought be mentioned twice in the lede?????????????????????????????????
""" 

 ==FK Vojvodina== 

 Ej, pošto vidim da si ubacio tabelu u članak o FK Vojvodina, molim te da promeniš """"away colours"""" u tabeli, jer ja ne znam to da uradim. Ovde možeš videti kako izgledaju """"away colours"""" kluba: 
 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:FK_Vojvodina 

    
 """
Thanks for your response.  I'll nominate them today.
Hello everyone I'm just here to tell you that you're all freaks
""" 
 :To be blunt: so what?  What does that have to do with improving the article?   """
""" 
 :Magic...so I suggest you don't tempt such powers any further P...  """
See the Wikipedia article on specific impulse.
":Agreed. Moreover, the recent additions place an undue emphasis on arguments in court briefs, much of which will become far less salient after the Supreme Court actually decides the case in a few months. –  ·"
"Stop vandalizing the Sheryl Swoopes article, or you will be banned."
"==AAlerts question== 
 I was wondering about the reasons behind this edit. This is actually a recently set up page; did I miss a step somewhere when setting it up? Thanks.— • ; February 28, 2011; 14:34 (UTC)"
""" 
 * """"While profeminist men and profeminist writing generally constitute the dominant perspective within men’s studies in the academy, the shelves in the men’s section of most bookstores are filled with books that come from two other perspectives, namely, men’s rights and mythopoetic, which share the basic assumption that what is wrong with men’s lives derives from the traditional masculine gender role of protector, provider, and head of the family."""" Kenneth Clatterbaugh 
 * """"[S]tarting with Herb Goldberg’s The Hazards of Being Male: Surviving the Myth of Masculine Privilege (1976), there has been a steady stream of books that argue that men are not privileged relative to women.  The authors of these books claim either that men are just as afflicted by their gender role or that they are more afflicted by it than are women by theirs.  In either case, men’s rights defenders find a great lie at the center of feminism, namely, the notion that men are privileged relative to women.  Probably no writer has said it better than Goldberg [who cites] problems of traditional masculinity such as emotional repression, isolation from other men, fear of failure, and a high suicide rate.""""  Kenneth Clatterbaugh 
 * """"The theme that was foundational to men's rights, namely, the oppressive nature of traditional masculinity, has been undermined by fathers' rights activists who want to pursue a set of custody rights 'and' traditional masculinity.""""  Kenneth Clatterbaugh"""
""" 

 I really don't think that this is less than """"simple.""""  The other page summarizes the first movie.  Should that information be part of this article?  If so, why not merge them? 
   """
""" 

 Just for the record, I disagree with using this photo, since it is a mugshot from an arrest, being used in the info box.  The last reason given for it's inclusion partially stated """"nothing in the photo cues the reader to perceive it's a mug shot"""".  So we count on dumb readers? -   """
":Thank you for your suggestion. When you feel an article needs improvement, please feel free to make those changes.  Wikipedia is a wiki, so anyone can edit almost any article by simply following the  link at the top. The Wikipedia community encourages you to be bold in updating pages. Don't worry too much about making honest mistakes — they're likely to be found and corrected quickly. If you're not sure how editing works, check out how to edit a page, or use the sandbox to try out your editing skills.  New contributors are always welcome. You don't even need to log in (although there are many reasons why you might want to)."
""" 

 ::I am not asking that the article itself draw any conclusions, and the rest of your remarks are exactly the kind of synthesis that I desire. My remarks are meant to move us past the conflict on the talk page. Our sources are, of course, the verifiable secondary sources, and we are not to do original research. As CTSWynekan has said, Wikipedia is a tertiary source. Frankly, it's enough for me that the various Christian views are presented fairly and accurately, the various Jewish views are presented fairly and accurately, the various historical views (whether by specialists or nonspecialists) are presented fairly and accurately, and all other views are presented fairly and accurately. All should be given the appropriate weight and context. That is enough of a synthesis for me.  
 ::But, we all have our subjective views, and many of our views have clashed, hence we have been bogged down in one paragraph for far too long. What bothers me is the binary thinking evidenced by some (many, not all), which has polarized the debate. We should also, of course, be sure not to confuse our various subjective viewpoints with the objective actual, verifiable and factual (as someone once said). So in the end, I essentially agree with you. My remarks on thesis-antithesis-synthesis and the rest have to do with the debate on this page, not with the article itself. I want us to move past conflict so we can examine the verifiable sources, and put aside our own views while still making sure that we (any """"we"""") are accurately represented, as are the views of others. To paraphrase Ross Perot, everybody stop fighting and get to work! If you'll check you'll notice that I've done very little work on the article itself; most of my efforts have been focused on the talk page. 
 ::NPOV (when we reach it) will be a synthesis accurately reporting the views of all, and referenced to the appropriate verifiable sources.That said, I have been as frustrated as anyone else and needed to vent my spleen (which perhaps presented my POV more strongly than I have in the past. Does that make it trinary?). My spleen has been vented. My comments will remain on my user page at least until we formulate a second paragraph that does exactly as you say, and is accepted by all. It may go back if we run into further unresolved conflict. 
 ::My """"claim that it is a conundrum"""" alludes to how the issue of historicity is handled at Socrates, where any debate has been much more peaceful and civilized.   

 """
"T IS PEOPLE LIKE YOU THAT MAKE WIKIPEDIA HORRIBLE. BLOCKING SCHNITZELMANGREEK FOR NO REASON!GET A LIFE YOU LOSER OR I'L KILL YOU, YOU WIFE, AND CHILDREN!!!!BURN IN HELL!!I LIGHT YOUR CORPSE LIKE FIREWOOD!!BEWARE-YOU AND YOUR FAMILY. I DARE YOU TO TALK BACK TO ME AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SO WHATS IT GOING TO BE!!!!!!!!!!!Fuckin Nigga'  
   +   
   + I managed to track your adderess and will hunt you down in your sleep. I WILL SHOOT YOU AND CUT YOUR CHILDREN UP!!!!!!!!!!! JUST, I DARE YOU TO TALK BACK TO ME OR BLOCK ME FOR DEATH THREATS!!!JUST SEE WHAT I'LL DO!!!!!!!!!!  
   +   
   + This isn't vandilism, its A SERIOUS DEATH THREAT!! UNBLOCK SchnitzelManGreek!!!! Get a life you loser or I'll kill you FUCKING BITCH!!!!!!!"
""" 
 """"Why hasn't RetroS1mone been as forthcoming on this CFS talkpage?"""" Why you think, bc people here call me """"it"""" and """"this"""" and revert MEDRS w/o discussing. CFS is not chronic fatigue?? Pls, authors talk about CFS and some say """"chronic fatigue syndromes"""" and some say """"chronic fatigue"""" you are saying CFS and chronic fatigue are not same thing or things?? What is MEDRS for it. And you think CFS symptoms are medically explained?? Every review says the cause is not known. The MUS reviews say CFS and FM and MCS and IBS are medically unexplained symptoms, do you want me cite three of them,five how many?? Do you want one quote from each, five?? Do you want, I ignore copy rights like some people and send you whole PDFs?? Pls go to a library people and you can get internet access through library when you can not leave house there are programs.   """
""" 

  
 ==What a loser== 
 This is a message for User:71.199.22.250 

 Wow, I was passing by and at first I thought you were a victim of attack, but after looking into it for 10 mins, I see you're the loser who started this shit. 

 I see you attacked the """"99.107.151.144"""" guy on his own talk page for no reason and then you cried like the big baby you are in a failed report attempt, when really he's the one who should have been reporting you. 

 Next time, if you can't take shit, don't start it you jackass! Get a life!"""
"Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, as you did at Warwick School, you will be blocked from editing."
"== Citation for use == 

 * 
 :Citation for use. —  •  • review) -"
", so I propose merging African Bush Elephant into African Savanna Elephant"
"== A question == 

 I dont understand how they play, why they play only 34 games when there are 20 teams => 19 x 2 = 38 games. 
 Portland Timbers played 3 teams with LA Galaxy... how ? 
 Maybe someone can explain to me..."
"== Mexico == 
 Mexico is easy because I speak the language fluently. Iran, I stopped because the jerks at ANI made it no fun any more."
""" 

 == Why is this article not called """"Republic of China""""? == 

 In the Macedonia name dispute a vote was taken that ignored the provisional UN name of Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. The rationale given for this is that Wikipedia does not conform to international bodies and that self-determination of name trumps regardless of international disputes between states. Ergo - why are the people of the Republic of China held to a different standard? This inconsistent logic smells of prejudice towards either  the people of Taiwan and/or the people of Greece. I therefore propose that this article be renamed Republic of China to keep things consistent.  — Preceding unsigned comment added by     

  
 A few points I'd like to add. 

 # The People's Republic of China recognizes the self-determined name of Republic of Macedonia. 
 # The People's Republic of China does not recognize the self-determination of the Republic of China (Taiwan). 
 # The US government, did not recognize Republic of Macedonia in 1944 (the US state department at the time calling it """"communist demagoguery"""") but flip flopped in 2003 and now recognizes it. 
 # The US government, orginally did recognize the Republic of China (Taiwan)  right up until it flip-flopped and removed recognition in the 1970s. 

 This opens up the secondary question is Wikipedia taking a principled approach on international issues or simply parroting the current foreign policy of leading nations? (i.e. mob rule)  — Preceding unsigned comment added by     

 : For the reasons given here: Talk:Taiwan/Archive 20. A lot of discussion so a lot of reading, but if you're interested in the issue I think well worth reading at least the highlights of it.  

 :: For the same reason that we have North Korea not the 'Democratic People Republic of Korea' and we have Burma not the 'Republic of the Union of Myanmar'. It is policy to use the common English name. Not the official name; not the UN designated name; not the preferred name of the local people; but the common name as used by English speaking people to describe the subject. See WP:Naming Conventions for more information about how article names are decided on Wikipedia.    

 ::: Naming this article 'Taiwan' does not contribute clarity. Titling the article 'Taiwan' may lead the reader to belief that such a country as 'Taiwan' exists, or that 'Taiwan' can be equated to the 'Republic of China', which are both invalid arguments in accordance with the Constitution of the Republic of China. The fact is that no country called 'Taiwan' exists, and that the 'Republic of China' cannot be casually associated with 'Taiwan' as historically they are very distinct entities. It also contravenes the rules for Wikipedia's neutral POV rules, as it promotes the DPP's assertion that Taiwan should edge toward independence by increasing the usage of 'Taiwan' without officially abandoning the 'Republic of China' name. It is for the sake of objectiveness that the official name should be used. See: WP:Neutral point of view   
 ::::Again see the requested move, where this was debated in long detail to arrive at the current title, best representing consensus and common usage. The article is Taiwan reflecting the common name for the country.  

 :::::Thank you  for your clarification on this matter. I agree that this article should be named Taiwan for the sake of clarity to English speakers in Wikipedia. However, I believe that it should be made clearer that the Republic of China is not equivalent to Taiwan.    

 ::::::If the reader wants to actually understand what the topic is about and what the name m"
"Rob, I actually like having you around for no other reason than you have a different POV from those with a Christian perspective.  However, I also find you to be overly disruptive.  Yes, I understand, as well as everyone else, your position that factual evidence does not exist.  Yes, we understand that there are scholars that support that position.  No, they are not the majority.  They are not even a significant minority.  They are a very small group that contends Jesus did not exist.  You have registered your POV and we are aware of it.  I ask that you now move on and address the article as a whole and accept that your position has already been accounted for in the article.  When you fight so hard and become so obstinate, you lose the respect of your fellow editors and your POV is shut out almost completely.  You have become a source of conflict and contention.  Please recognize that your current methods are not working.  Find another way to interact with your fellow editors so that your POV is at least a chance of being heard."
"Thank you for experimenting with the page zinc on Wikipedia. Your test worked, and it has been reverted or removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do. Take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia."
":It's a recommendation. That's the point, keep this stuff off the main space."
"Um that is your opinion i belive DBZ tenchaichi 3 and the last of the original bodikai for the PS2 bodikai 3 is just as good as virtua fighter, tekken, DOA and other well known fighting games. So come into reality and notice that everything you think is fact that is just base on what you think is highly unimpaortant and is mediocre in the eyes of others that actually do research on the subject. You havent even stated anything about the game itself you just started of by saying thats a crappy series OR its not any good LOL. Anyway even if you did your research with hardcore evidence that say these games suck huge balls or is poo and the games are a craptistic series and user Sabishi Kage is indeed a suck up and a yes man that is not neaded here on wikipedia. And also if you two are going to start an edit war over something that is not even related to this article and is childish as Kim Kusanagi paragraph maybe you to should exchange your yahoo user names or myspace user names or whatever to argue. BUT not here on this DISSCUSSION PAGE. And Kim Kusanagi when you screw things up, you deserved to be bashed and even physically punished.....WOW you need therapy about child hood realated issues buddy, mabey its because of your dad, your mom or possibly your grandfather beating on you? That is obviously some words said by someone that needs help mentaly most likely due to incidents done when you were a child. I mean, who say or even type something like that? You have only added a useless sentence to this page until you came up with this paragraph that shows you have anger issues, you used to get beaten on and you belive what you say goes without any research (more clearly without say) Get your facts straight LOL ......,  ."
"==Semi Protected Request== 
 First an IP address, and then a newly registered user (most likely the same person), continue to make changes that rely solely on sources published by those related to the church."
"No Sandstein, it is not derogatory. Just because it is not your viewpoint does not change the fact that it is FACTUAL. If it wasn't the terminology would not exist. So get your facts straight before you comment on anything."
""" 
 ==The accusations have profoundly effected his life, therefore are notable and deserve inclusion.== 
 The facts have moved past debating whether there really is a love affair or a love child, its on to how this is hurting John Edwards. I guess someone researching him would just have to wonder why his political career suddenly sputtered the summer of 2008, wiki won't mention what everyone else is writing long stories about. 

 Its probably ended his career in politics. Whether the story is true or false or not is debatable, and it doesn't matter if you don't like the original source, leftist wiki editors protecting Edwards: the story now is how the allegations are damaging him and have already probably lost him any chance at his best chance at furthering his career: the VP slot. Its an important story, its an important fact that his behaviour has caused a firestorm. Suppressing the story _completely_ is making wikipedia a laughing stock. Gawker, Mickey Kaus, countless bloggers are going on about it and pointing to it as proof of wiki's leftist bias. You aren't really hiding anything anyone doesn't know already, and you're making the site you claim to be protecting look stupid.  

 Its noteworthy, very much so. Its verifiable that the scandal, true or false, is affecting his career (many people have been hurt by scandals that turned out to be false, that doesn't make the news of the damage any less noteworthy). It has innumerable sources as to the effect on Edwards' career. Its time to lift the blackout and start debating on the wording of a section about it. You can't avoid it forever. Are you just trying to bluff it out until the election is over in hopes of minimizing any tangential damage you think it might cause Obama?  —Preceding unsigned comment added by     

 :Is it really a surprise that people are fighting to get the truth posted on Wikipedia? I recently had to deal with the Nazi admins on Wiki and let me tell you, I could honestly say they act like a bunch of kids in the movie """"Lord of the Flies"""". The majority of them will not listen to reason and when you present them with facts they disregard them. There is also no one managing this site from the top who gives a crap about what is going on here. The only way the owners of Wikipedia will challenge a Nazi admin is when it involves legal action. Wikipedia is the anti-Christ of the internet. Also a majority of the Nazi admins are liberals and the only way to become an admin is to be voted in by another liberal Nazi admin. Once again, """"Lord of the Flies"""". Just wait and see. I will be hounded by many of them for posting just this little snippet. Its pretty much a given. They will probably ban my IP or kick me off the site for a few days. If they dont like what you are saying, that is what they do. They pretty much do what they want. Pretty pathetic.    

 :: It is obvious that there is a calculated effort by the mainstream media (MSM) to suppress any information about this story. The MSM has jumped on stories with much less to go on than this Edwards story. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that the MSM, and the liberal websites like Wikipedia, won’t talk about the bad things that happen in the Democrat party because it is the party and ideals that they personally believe in. It is human nature to not attack yourself and the Democrats will not attack themselves by talking about Edwards cheating on his wife who is dying of cancer. This is a silver bullet for the Democratic Party especially because there is a presidential race going on. Why do you think the MSM sits on stories until months or weeks before an actual election takes place? It is a new phenomena occurring in the MSM where they run a story with little facts in an effort to smear a person (typically a politician) then they let the people decide if they want to believe it. This usually occurs with little or if any facts to back it up. All the major networks do it all the time. A perfect example is the Dan Rather forged documents story about President Bush. They unleashed the story with little to no facts right before a Presidential election. It’s very sad that more of the American people don’t see what the MSM to trying to pull off right in front of their eyes. I am not an avid listener of Rush but I have caught him a few times and there is absolute truth to the term he uses when referring to the MSM, """"Drive-by Media"""". The MSM is a business and they are putting out a product. What is very sad is the fact that the upper management in most of these news organizations don’t realize that they are putting out a product that most of the American people don’t c"
""" 

 No kidding  right up there with the """"Superman"""" and """"Poltergeist"""" curses.  If I was Samuel L. Jackson, my ass would be on lockdown right about now.   """
": if the photo is deleted, another troll or the same one, will simply put it back. 
 : unfortunaly, trolls are everywhere, we just have to be pantient and follow wikipedia policies and etiquete -"
":When speaking of getting blocked, you talk from multiple experience."
", 6 December 2005 (UTC) 
 :::He blocked me for a suposed Breach of personal attack injunction.  18:10"
""" 

 == JTBX's post at Editor assistance == 

 You might want to have a look at this.  I am not telling you whether or how you should respond, but I do think you should be aware of his one-sided version of events.  Cheers! -'''''''''' """
fuck you bitch email me at Dragonhill@ymail.com
"hô 
 | Ha Mitsukō 
 | Yeop Milho 
 | ? Mật ?"
:::But right now the book is more notable. The film isn't out yet.
#NAME?
"(we hate america and we are going to bomb the shit out of there cities, Queza;s will rain)"
":::Hey, , what was the D&G; pic about? My slinging of wit against my seemingly almighty opponents? Or were you implying that I have grown into a Wikipedian Goliath merely waiting for some newbie to revenge-bite me to death? 
 :::"
""" 

  
 == Lettonia == 

 The Oxford online dictionary entry """"Lettonia"""" merely points to """"Latvia"""", and in some other languages the name of the country is """"Lettonia"""" or some variation thereof.  Is """"Lettonia"""" a rare/obsolete English name for the country?  If so, it should be mentioned in the article.    

 : It's not an obsolete English term, prior English is Livonia (most of current Latvia plus Estonia). In German, Latvia is LettlandLettonia is the German Lettland fashioned into Latin. (Latvia is also Lettonia in modern Italian.)  ► """
"== Bold textYOU SUCK!!! == 

  

 U SUCK HANNAH MONTANA"
""" 

  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Badminton. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing.   """
REDIRECT Talk:The Amazing Race 20
", 2 February 2007 (UTC) 

 :Certainly, I would not ask you to include something in Wikipedia solely on the basis of anecdotal evidence; what I'm trying to convince you of is that claiming that adultery between a married woman and an unmarried man only is prima facie ridiculous in modern usage.  Also, I certainly do not object in any way to having an explanation of historical usage and the fact that it used to be considered a property-type crime.  I am not pushing any type of anti-sexist POV here; I am disputing the definition you are attempting to give having reviewed sources on the matter. - |  21:52"
"NIGGER PLEASE  
 EAT A COCK, LOL HY."
"""I went ahead and added """"or exclusive"""" to """"primary,"""" because just like """"sexual preference"""" can be seen as problematic to some, """"primary"""" suggests that there is some other type of individual in which pedophiles can get """"turned on"""" by. While this is the case for some pedophiles, it does not cover the ones who can only get """"turned on"""" by thoughts of sexual interactions with prepubescent children.    

 """
"== Witkacy's deletions on AP == 
 If he won't reply to you let me know and I will see what I can do. For now, I try to stay away from this and similar controversial articles, if I can. I do think it is an encyclopedic subject, but I find it to depressing - both in actual content and related POV fighting - to use my time on it..."
""" 
 ::::::::Really? Wow that sucks. Cool! Who should we have look through it? * """
:::::::::Moi? Ego? I am mortified that you could say such a thing - poor old Mona I always thiught she was a miserable looking woman - probably hormonal.
"She lies, she's sad, because most probably her father was killed by other Jew for telling secrets, so now she accuses all Polish nation of cooperating with nazi Germans, which is not true and she should be ashemed and never call herself Polish. What a shame she lies like that, but the Polish government will take care of this scandal. I know she seeks attention and money and she's very sad, because of pottetntial fact, that her father was killed by his brothers - Jews. 
 Polish peopole were helping Jews to survive, were risking their lives in order to save Jews from death, so spreading such lies is hurtful and shameful. Shame on you Debbie, shame on you! Not because your religion is Jewish, but because you are spreading lies and you don't search for justice amongst Germans - in the embassy of Germany, but amongst the biggest saviors of Jews - Polish nation. You are ungreatful and ask those who were saved by Polish people whether they say anything wrong about Polish people. Oh, they won't tell you one thing wrong. 
 Ask for justice amongst Germans!!!!!"
""" 

 ==Timeline section should be prose History section== 
 Most sections in articles that trace the history of a given thing are called """"History"""", and written as prose. Bulleted lists sections should be kept to a minimum, and used only when the material is best presented as such. This section is not one of those. When I put the {{prose|section}} tag on that section, Nunh-huh removed it, saying, """"By its nature, a timeline is bulletpoints."""" The only problem is, no one ever said that it has to be a timeline in the first place, as he is assuming that as a given. It isn't a given. It's something that should be discussed.   """
""" 
 ::::::::You are right, Dmcq, but many editors don't understand the """"undue weight"""" principle (this may not apply to anyone here, of course) and that can lead to useless arguments. I thought a more concrete reason might be more successful at bringing this thread to a reasonable conclusion.   """
"""==Revision of Asterinidae== 

 Just a heads up to all interested in this sea star family. Here is the paper:  
 * P. Mark O’Loughlin and Jonathan M. Waters.(2004). """"A molecular and morphological revision of genera of Asterinidae (Echinodermata: Asteroidea)"""". Memoirs of Museum Victoria 61(1): 1–40.  

 If you can't access it feel free to ask me to send it to you -)   """
FK OLIMPIK SARAJEVO
"a butt-fucking bitch who rappes innocent little boys and girls. At night, she turns into batbitch, a super hero who dedicated her life to rapping the fuck out of children. She's also"
":::The great thing about TWINKLE is that it removes any frustration in playing whack-the-vandal: hence I haven't insulted a vandal for months. Or even tried to get fun-sarcastic - though maybe some part of me misses those idyllic days of telling userpage vandals to FUCK OFF via edit summary. Any mail for me, Riana?   Request a recording?"
""" 

 ::::The point is that strains and breeds are not """"social concepts"""", they are the result of selective breeding in plants and animals; very different from the human concept of """"race"""".  Species even more so; no human intervention at all, but rather a function of biology.  A 1966 source isn't going to work here, and though  was, well, rather grumpy, you did ask if you were being """"silly to suggest this,"""" and the answer is yes, you are.   """
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Elkton_High_School_(Oregon)&diff;=prev&oldid;=629947129 send her to school. Here ia a good one.
""" 

 ==Peter Blum== 
 I woulld like to thankyou for your very fast assistance on the AfD talk page. I have left appriate messages on . Again, Thankyou  """
""" 

 == """"popular conception"""" == 

 We are talking here about how Sommers was perceived by the public, thus the phrase """"popular conception"""" properly attributes the conception to the said public and is logically sound and indivisible (""""The conception of Sommers by the public was..."""" would be a long-winded way to say it). Without """"popular"""", the attribution is unclear...is it Sommers' conception of herself? (illogical) 
   """
""" 

 == The current Gauntlet to be run == 

 While  encourages us to """"be bold"""", there are drawback in controversial articles.  It helps to know who will tend to revert.  Based on Archive 44, here is the list: 

 * 
 * 
 * 
 * 
 * - more of a commentator than a reverter"""
"*Unfortunately, the site you took the text from suffers from really poor grammar and spelling."
"For example, here is my sig:"
: see Axial tilt
", 1 September 2008 (UTC) f**k **f is that kashmir cloud getting angry vandal showing his true colours you dont deserve anything fool this article will eventually be removed then you can swear and abuse some one else if your man enough do it in person or did your balls dropp off   20:38"
""" 

 == ZOMG! iPhone dictation faux pas! == 

 """"We're putting together some things to bring in to you later (semi colon)"""" came out as """"We are putting together some things to bring in to you like to suck cock ...."""" LULZ!   """
":Hi, I take it that you are Dick Solomon, the webmaster of sourcing.com, the above company's website. You might like to read WP:Conflict of interest, thanks."
Seneca college sucks donkey dick
""" 

 So, on the tenth anniversary of 9/11, """"New York Times"""" """"columnist"""" Paul Krugman delivered the odious piece of dribble ever on the attack  well, at least since the last time he wrote about it. The headline is, quote, """"The Years of Shame,"""" end quote. And no, it's not directed at radical Islam. Instead, he targets America and the, quote, """"fake heroes."""" Krugman claims that the atrocity has been hijacked. The sick word given that he's not actually talking about the real hijackers who killed some 3,000 Americans. No, he's referring to people like George Bush and Rudy Giuliani who he thinks capitalized on the horrible crimes. But the worst part, at the end of this column, the creep writes, """"I'm not going to allow comments on the post for obvious reasons."""" That obvious reason, he's a coward. I mean, why else would you ban responses? He's like a 10-year-old boy crank-calling all of us only to hang up even before he hears a response, hearing his shame for his own wickedness. Now, I watch the memorial services and I feel sorrow for the families whose grief never really ends. But since I'm lousy at emotional reflection I usually avoid it. But at least I can summarize what many feel today in nine words: go to hell, Paul Krugman, you bearded, bitter buffoon."""
"== RfC at 2009 Honduran coup d'état regarding mention of the constitutional crisis in the lede == 

 I'd like your opinion, and that of other editors that have been interested in the Honduran articles, at Talk:2009_Honduran_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat#RfC:_Do_the_sources_support_the_mention_of_coup_as_part_of_the_constitutional_crisis_in_the_lede_of_this_article.3F. Thanks!"
"""Hi, 
 Thank you for your contributions to skating articles but I had to remove the information such as """"15th highest score under the IJS"""" because that information can change regularly and I doubt anyone will update it. I'm sorry but keeping World rankings updated is trouble enough.  """
Who the fuck is the idiot who thinks Chobits is shoujo
"Your argument is dead in the water. I'm not an Irish nationalist yet I object to the term - I am entirely stisfied for Northern Ireland's constitutional status as an integral part of the UK to remain in perpetuity. It's non-usage in Ireland is certainly not determined by political stance, it is determined by the fact that Ireland is not British. This is due to our understanding of the English Language. The Pretannic Isles is not the same as 'British' Isles which you have great difficulty comprehending; 'British' refers only to the island of Great Britain, 'Pretannic' refers to Great Britain, Ireland and surrounding Islands excliding the Channel Islands.  

 Irish is not spoken by a tiny minority either, up to 40% of the population claims to speak it to some degree. The ignorance of Britons is bewildering at times; it is not a neutral term and to believe that ot has no geo-political connotations is at best naive and ignorant, at worst arrogant and stupid. To believe taht this is an English encyclopedia is just plain bizarre - this is the English LANGUAGE version of an internet Encyclopedia. The English language is not yours either, you do realise that English has been 'bastardised' to a huge extent over the centuries already, don't you? To claim that, 'Islands of  the North Atlantic laden with political judgements' and 'bastardising' the language is just absurd. Iolar"
":: *rolls eyes drily* Slippery slope is a logical fallacy. At least, sometimes."
(1956 film)|Moby Dick
""" 
 :::::::Acttually, if you click through the pages of results, there are infact  458 hits for """"occupation of the baltic states"""", and 295 hits for """"incorporation of the baltic states"""" , so """"occupation"""" has twice the number of hits that """"incorporation"""". Anyway, I think """"incorporation"""" is a narrower term.   """
"::Please remember , I do not set the standards or decide the afds. I can sometimes influence a particular discussion, and I can sometimes help establish a trend, but I am only effective if I stay reasonably close to  the current consensus. It is quite common for  what I propose is to be rejected, and I don't want my ideas to be rejected too often, or I'll have no influence at all. ''''''"
""" 
 Attention: 

 This IP address, , is registered to Merrimack Education Center and is shared by multiple users. Comments left on this page may be received by other users of this IP and appear to be irrelevant. Caution should be used when blocking this IP or reverting its contributions without checking. 

 If you are an unregistered user operating from this address, note that this need not necessarily be the IP address of your machine. In many cases, it turns out to be the IP address of a proxy server that communicates between your browser and the Wikimedia servers. Such proxies are shared among a huge number of users compared to the number of persons using your particular machine. If you are frustrated by irrelevant comments appearing here, you can avoid them by creating an account for yourself. 

  
 """
""" 

 ::: Firstly, it must be noted that there has been compromise, and that several of the suggestions have been incorporated. 

 As to the remainder, the overriding problem is the casual language. Fragments such as: 

 """"Louis narrates how he reached this point"""" is clunky and less formal than the more appropriate In a  flashback, Louis reveals in narration the circumstances of his imprisonment. 

 This is minor, but Louis' mother is forced to take a boarder - more accurate than """"humbles herself"""" which is also clunky. 

 """"Unimpressed by his prospects, Sibella turns down his proposal and instead marries Lionel (John Penrose)"""" is firstly an assumption and casual (ie. """"turns down""""). This: After being rebuked by an now adult Sibella and witnessing her marriage to Lionel (John Penrose) is more formal and 100% accurate. 

 """"At his workplace, Louis has to wait upon"""" is clumsy, but there can be a modification that incorporates the best of both.  """"A darkroom explosion makes her a widow"""" is simply unnecessary and casual in tone. This can also be modified. You've also missed the viewing of the remaining family at the church. 

 That said, there are some improvements, such as the fatal boating accident and the letter of condolence. 
   """
::That site is full of people gnashing their teeth over the fact that they've been banned from Wikipedia; only a handful of the contributors there have routinely displayed well thought out and reasoned criticisms of Wikipedia.  I wouldn't include thekohser in said handful. ''''
"==UFO University, Universiteti UFO== 
 What is or was UFO University?  Apparently you can still see a billboard with this name on it in Tirana, and the UFO coffeehouse and other places take their name from it. 

 What does the UFO stand for, and what has become of it?  Thanks,"
I was referring to the writer in charge of the Thor comic book at the time.
"So i was right, you are mentally retarded."
""" 

  
 ==Suggested improvements== 
 This article has a lot of information and could be a B class article if attention was given to the following issues: 

 * introduction: the article needs an introduction that summarises the entire article (currently it does not have this); 
 * in line citations: another must for a B class, at least one per paragraph or block of information; 
 * a more comprehensive narrative - also as mentioned above by a frustrated reader the opening of the history section does not make sense. It refers to """"the wing"""", but what wing - I assume it is the 17th Bombardment Training Wing as detailed below the offending section, but this should be spelt out clearly; 
 * finally it will need a copy edit. 

 Just a few ideas. Hope this helps.   """
HE IS A GHAY ASS FUCKER@@!!
"User status 
 |status= offline 
 |position= top 
 |float= left"
""" 
 ==Speedy deletion of Jodie huang== 
  A tag has been placed on Jodie huang requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This has been done under section A7 of the criteria for speedy deletion, because the article appears to be about a person or group of people, but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable: that is, why an article about that subject should be included in an encyclopedia. Under the criteria for speedy deletion, articles that do not indicate the subject's importance or significance may be deleted at any time. Please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable, as well as our subject-specific notability guideline for biographies.  

 If you think that this notice was placed here in error, you may contest the deletion by adding  to the top of the page that has been nominated for deletion (just below the existing speedy deletion or """"db"""" tag), coupled with adding a note on the talk page explaining your position, but be aware that once tagged for speedy deletion, if the article meets the criterion it may be deleted without delay. Please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself, but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would would render it more in conformance with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines. Lastly, please note that if the article does get deleted, you can contact one of these admins to request that a copy be emailed to you.     """
": Well, a very small portion of the Dragovistica's watershed is in Maceodnia. The source of the Brankovacka reka, its tributary, is on the border of Serbia and Macedonia, and a small area (not more than few square kilometers) of its drainage area is within Macedonia. So I thought it should be noted. However, my map is detailed but old, and it is possible that after corrections of the border in the 1990's, the borderline leaves all of it within Serbia (which, if you look at the map, would be natural). But if you think it is not important, it can be omitted"
""" 

 == Rex_Germanus == 

 Greetings, I'm a little concerned about , who is so unrepentant about reverting Dutch_language 4 times in 26 hours that he has removed all Talk (his own, those of other users, admins) about his 48hr block from his userpage with the edit summaries """"apparently wikipedia hasn't got it any more"""" and """"remove shameful wikipedic punishment"""". That seems to fall into the category of Behavior that is unacceptable. Do you think it's worth pursuing this further?  """
""" 
 :Support: I support the merge.  """
""" 

 == Improper == 

 This whole """"article"""" is racist and subpar crap. No respectable dictionary would spread slurs. Fuck America!   """
"Cool! Thanks, I'll fix this. 
 Tom"
"== Bantry Bay == 

 Wow, I don't know how I was that far off, or where I got that date from. Scratching my head >"
""" 

 == A barnstar for you! == 

 {| style=""""background-color: #fdffe7; border: 1px solid #fceb92;"""" 
 |rowspan=""""2"""" style=""""vertical-align: middle; padding: 5px;"""" |  
 |style=""""font-size: x-large; padding: 3px 3px 0 3px; height: 1.5em;"""" | The Barnstar of Good Humor 
 |- 
 |style=""""vertical-align: middle; padding: 3px;"""" | For that fantastic userpage!...hehehe     
 |}"""
"== Anthony Browne in Political Correctness == 

 Hello, I'm contacting you because the Anthony Browne bit you added to the article Political Correctness was removed: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Political_correctness&diff;=690760560&oldid;=690751090 

 If you would like to have it stay, then come to the talk page and state so: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Political_correctness#Civitas_think_tank_pamphlet. 

 I for one am for it."
"== Fuck you == 

 You fucking faggot, stop sending me these gay little messages about vandalism!  Even if you ban me I can make a new account-simple as that ]"
Simple: You are stupid!
refuse to be open to other people and ideas
The only group the US is unambiguously supportive of is the Kurds.
tai is a gay fuk nd hes fukd n tha heads hhehehehehehehehehehehehe peace!!!!!!! bloodzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
""" 

  
 :Oh, that's because they don't. Or more precisely, because the """"More Guns Less Crime"""" faction can't get the difference straight between number of crimes and number of crimes per capita: 
 :Regional Offense Trends and Rates  
 :The UCR Program divides the United States into four regions: the Northeast, the Midwest, the South, and the West. A map of the United States delineating the regions is included in Appendix III. Estimated crime volume, rates, and percent changes by region are published in Table 4.  

                            per 100,000  
              violent crime                 murder  
 northeast       416.5   -2.80%            4.1   -3.70%  
 midwest         424.9   -1.40%            5.1   -3.50%  
 west            508.2   -2.10%            5.8   +4.10%  
 south           571.0   -2.00%            6.8   +0.70%  

 :. 
 :The gun-banning northeast has the lowest violent crime rate, the lowest murder rate, the steepest decline in violent crime, and the steepest decline in murder rates. The second-amendment-loving south has the highest violent crime rate, the highest murder rate, the second lowest decrease in violent crime rate, and the second highest *increase* in murder rate.  

 :Include property crime? 
 :The FBI's Crime Index rate reflects the total number of offenses per 100,000 residents. According to the FBI, the national Crime Index rate for 2002 was 4,118. The Northeast region of the United States had the lowest crime of the four regions, with a rate of 2,889 offenses per 100,000 population. The next lowest region was the Midwest, with a Crime Index rate of 3,883 offenses. The Western region followed with a rate of 4,418 offenses, while the Southern region showed the highest crime rate of 4,722 offenses per 100,000 residents.  

  
 100 Largest Metro Areas 
 (Ranked in order from Least to Most Crime)  
  Nassau-Suffolk NY  
  Middlesex-Somerset-Hunterdon NJ  
  Ventura CA  
  Monmouth-Ocean NJ  
  Bergen-Passaic NJ  
  Scranton-Wilkes-Barre-Hazleton PA  
  Harrisburg-Lebanon-Carlisle PA  
  San Jose CA  
  Pittsburgh PA  
  Orange County CA  
  Ann Arbor MI  
  Albany-Schenectady-Troy NY  
  Boston MA-NH-ME  
  New York NY  
  Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton PA  
  Syracuse NY  
  Philadelphia PA-NJ  
  Hartford CT  
  Rochester NY  
  Newark NJ  
  Buffalo-Niagara Falls NY  
  San Diego CA  
  Providence-Fall River-Warwick RI-MA  
  Jersey City NJ  
  Grand Rapids-Muskegon-Holland MI  
  Cleveland-Lorain-Elyria OH  
  San Francisco CA  
  New Haven-Meriden CT  
 ... 
 St. Louis 	 MO-IL 
 Salt Lake City-Ogden 	 UT 
 Wichita 	 KS 
 Mobile 	 AL 
 Houston 	 TX 
 Nashville 	 TN 
 Orlando 	 FL 
 Fresno 	 CA 
 McAllen-Edinburg-Mission 	 TX 
 Fort Worth-Arlington 	 TX 
 Charleston-North Charleston 	 SC 
 Jacksonville 	 FL 
 Charlotte-Gastonia-Rock Hill 	 NC-SC 
 Dallas 	 TX 
 Omaha 	 NE-IA 
 Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater 	 FL 
 Columbia 	 SC 
 Toledo 	 OH 
 Albuquerque 	 NM 
 Tacoma 	 WA 
 Columbus 	 OH 
 Kansas City 	 MO-KS 
 West Palm Beach-Boca Raton 	 FL 
 Honolulu 	 HI 
 Oklahoma City 	 OK 
 Stockton-Lodi 	 CA 
 Baton Rouge 	 LA 
 San Antonio 	 TX 
 Little Rock-North Little Rock 	 AR 
 Phoenix-Mesa 	 AZ 
 Miami 	 FL 
 Memphis 	 TN-AR-MS 
 Tucson 	 AZ 

 : 
 :Does a pattern emerge? 

 The cities listed here are the 114 Mid-sized Metropolitan Statistical Areas, ranging in population from approximately 500,000 to 200,000. 
 114 Mid-size Areas 
 (Ranked in order from Least to Most Crime)  
 Danbury 	 CT 
 Stamford-Norwalk 	 CT 
 Johnstown 	 PA 
 Dutchess County 	 NY 
 Portsmouth-Rochester 	 NH-ME 
 Lowell 	 MA-NH 
 Lawrence 	 MA-NH 
 Newburgh 	 NY-PA 
 Lynchburg 	 VA 
 Appleton-Oshkosh-Neenah 	 WI 
 Manchester 	 NH 
 York 	 PA 
 Erie 	 PA 
 Santa Barbara-Santa Maria-Lompoc 	 CA 
 Binghamton 	 NY 
 Worcester 	 MA-CT 
 New London-Norwich 	 CT-RI 
 Lancaster 	 PA 
 Green Bay 	 WI 
 San Luis Obispo-Atascadero-Paso Robles 	 CA 
 Utica-Rome 	 NY 
 Brazoria 	 TX 
 Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers 	 AR 
 Portland 	 ME 
 Reading 	 PA 
 Brockton 	 MA 
 Roanoke 	 VA 
 Santa Rosa 	 CA 
 ... 
 Anchorage 	 AK 
 Lakeland-Winter Haven 	 FL 
 Longview-Marshall 	 TX 
 Kalamazoo-Battle Creek 	 MI 
 Beaumont-Port Arthur 	 TX 
 Chattanooga 	 TN-GA 
 South Bend 	 IN 
 Biloxi-Gulfpo"
that arose from spurious charge of vandalism against my own talk page
""" 
 :Hello, you say you """"submitted it"""". I can't really see where you have done so. Was it at WP:AfC?   """
yomamma is so stupid
AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI AFGHOONI
""" 

 ::: You have my trust. But trust me on this; checkuser work will just eat you up, burn you out and I guarantee you'll hate it. Seriously -   """
""" 

 ==BLP== 
 I've removed some contentious, unsourced material per WP:BLP. Could the editors who want to add this please cite some reliable sources here on talk? I've also semi-protected because the material was restored by an anon IP. Many thanks,   """
""" 

 == A little late, but... == 

 Andy, I just noticed this  I feel you should know that Sledge did not delete your comment. I did. Your post was not appropriate anywhere on Wikipedia, even addressed to a """"troll"""" or """"idiot"""".   """
::::The image can still be corrected. The problem was only with the changes in dimensions and the layout. I'll try to fix it later after I have some sleep.
""" 
 :::::As we have discussed already, """"It makes it harder to find information when it's split in 10 different ways"""" so what little information there is about Witchelny should be kept or merged into one place.  """
""" 
 :Looks similar, similar type of edits to actor/artiste pages and Hindu nationalism related pages. Since the pages themselves don't overlap I can't say that it passes the duck test, but you may want to do a WP:SPI. cheers. —'''''' """
", and ISEP is incresing in prestige even more. You should know Porto better, and from were many big fish studied. What a stupid conversation, again..."
"Topics 
 • 	 The Holocaust 
 • 	 Anne Frank Diary 
 • 	 Change of the Freedom Writers 

 The  Holocaust  

 The holocaust occurred during World War II when Adolf Hitler was the dictator of Germany. The holocaust is basically when millions of Jews were murdered during WWII and were intensely discriminated by Hitler and the Nazi’s. However many of the Jews had resided in parts of Europe and many of them were residing in Germany but many of them were once again murdered by the Germans because Hitler plotted on disappearing all the Jews that were in the country.  This reminds me of how Ms. Gruwell from freedom writers encouraged her students to learn and investigate about the Holocaust because not all of them knew about it or even believed it even happened and she wanted them to have confidence and knowledge about it that way they can become intelligent with the history of the event. But some people never believed that the holocaust existed and others actually did.  

 Therefore, a network of over 40,000 facilities in Germany and occupied territory and was used to concentrate, hold and kill Jews and other victims. In addition after the beginning of WWII, the Nazi’s began ordering Jews to live in certain areas of the cities in where many of them weren't allowed to leave at all. Also many of the Jews were held prisoners and had to be forced out of their residing locations and follow the orders of the Nazis or they will have to face death, but the Jews faced death anyways and about 5 million children were also killed during the holocaust due to Hitler’s orders. Also the first victims of the holocaust were homosexuals and people with disabilities and these victims were one of the first to be murdered during the event and there were also approximately more than 5 million non-Jewish victims living in Germany during WWII and as we said before the majority of them had to evacuate their places and relocate different areas. In addition there were different kinds of camps such as ghettos, concentration camps and even extermination camps where all the Jews were sent and were never free from any of the camps, and the majority of all Jews had to suffer being trapped in these places where they would be tortured and harmed intensely and later on face death due to their residence in the country where they weren't respected and treated kindly by the Germans and especially Hitler. Also the Jews were the scapegoats of Germany collapsing after WWI meaning that the Nazi’s blame the Jews for the damage that has occurred to the country and Germany wanted to gain more power in order for them to become a more powerful strong country. 

 Anne Frank Diary 

 Anne Frank was a young girl that wrote every detail in a diary in her life of the Holocaust. She was sending a message to everyone or to whom that finds the diary. I believe that she had a messenger, to tell her what was going on outside. Anne Frank was born in June 12, 1929, in Frankfurt, Germany. She was born as a Jew, and bringing a Jew was a very bad thing in the 1920’s because it was during World War I. She was hiding because herself and her family didn't want to get killed so the hide for a while in a tiny place. I don’t understand why would they do this to this poor girl and her family, that didn't do anything wrong? Why hurt the Jews? What did they do to get killed? 

 Change of the Freedom Writers 

 Should It’s amazing how the Toast of Change of the Freedom Writers has succeeded. From a group of students who didn't care about school and becoming someone important in life, to becoming someone better in life and helping other freshman students to do the same. Most of the Freedom Writes shared the same story. They didn't care about school; they only care about surviving another day in Long Beach without getting killed. Most of the Freedom Writes are teachers now in the area of Long Beach. Many of them graduated from colleges, others are part of the Freedom Writers Foundation. They should be the perfect example of success to most teenagers in High School. The reason why, is because it was then when it all started. From failing, ditching class, gang violence, poverty, and other domestic violence at home, to SUCCESS. For the most part, most of them are doing very well. They are teachers, professors and other important positions someone can have. They are living the toast of change. 

  

  

 Links 
 http://www.firststreetconfidential.com/images/images-history/0921-the-holocaust.jpg 
 http://www.annefrank.org/en/Anne-Frank/ 
 http://images.publicradio.org/content/2009/08/12/20090812_anne_frank_33.jpg 
 http://www.the-trades.com/article.php?id=5438"
"==Identity of monarchs?== 

 The article on Arbella Stuart mentions — but does not identify by name — a Duke of Parma, a Pope, a cardinal who was the Pope's brother, as well as the kings of France, Spain and Poland. I want to identify and make links for the Pope, cardinal and kings mentioned in the article. 

 My sketchy memory of the names of European leaders of the late 16th and early 17th centuries makes me ask these questions: 

 :Is the King of France Henry IV? 
 :Is the King of Spain Philip III? 
 :Is the Pope Clement VIII? Did he have a brother who was a cardinal? Was that cardinal really defrocked in order to marry Arbella Stuart? 
 :And who are the Duke of Parma and King of Poland mentioned in the article? 

 I would appreciate someone who knows more about the period to find out and add the appropriate links to the article. Many thanks. 

 —"
:Great
SKYLAR WAS ACTING STUPID
"== Horwich == 

 Thanks you for the edits on the Horwich article, it contains all the main elements and details and reads very well indeed, its a great edit,"
"}} 
 ==Related pages== 
 FYI, there exists drafts at DRAFT:Trumpler catalogue and DRAFT:Trumpler classification and"
"The slogans are all boastful, dishonest, manipulative, and various shades of aggressive and threatening. None of them make any overture at reconciliation, or acknowledge the viewpoint and core human dignity of their opponents, or the sanity of the desire of most people to have nothing to do with their ideology of spoiling into the cockfight. In short: atrociously, and blatantly one-sided with deliberacy of intention to be that way. Just google 'Syrian Civil War propaganda' and you see what I mean. There is no way 'The only terrorist in Syria is Assad' is not pitching to be propaganda.  }}"
""" 

 ==Official MySpace page not reliable?== 
 Please explain exactly why someone's official MySpace page is not reliable.  In particular, please contrast such a page with someone's official webpage or biography in other media.  I understand that MySpace is likely not reliable for many things but a blanket """"it's never reliable for anything"""" is nonsensical.   """
"2. James Truslow Adams, The Founding of New England, (1921), pp. 119-122 
 3. Robert Beverly, The History and Present State of Virginia, ed. Louis B. Wright, p. 57. 
 4. Father Andrew White, A Briefe Relation of the Voyage unto Maryland, Narratives of Early Maryland, 1633-1684, ed. Clayton Colman Hall, p. 41. 
 5. John Hammond, Leah and  Rachel, or the Two Fruitful Sisters, Virginia and Maryland (1656), in Hall's Narratives."
""" 

 == Regarding your message == 

 Sir, you deleted references and formatting and replaced them with poorly worded and formatted information.  That is not the least bit helpful. -'''''''''' """
"== Islam and Slavery == 

 Is: Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Islam and Slavery 
 Would you care to vote? Thx."
":::If Maxis says it's ok, then it's ok."
"==Cryzio war from Libia to Vietnam and more ?== 
 In this video Hilary cryzio: secoundly we have to go aftere everything from North Africa to South Asia...  Us air and ground forces with they armies. Look at 26 minute +1min. Video on last Dem convent."
""":Hi Tarif, if you have settled down with your admission related work, please take a look at ' and let me know if this is good to go. '   

 """
and im gonna rape your dog in the ass
""" 
 :::We don't include honnorifics outside the intitial mention in the BLP of the person.  It is clearly being used here to puff up the claim made by Krugman, and it doesn't help that Krugman has turned from economist to partisan commentator over the past few years.  Furthermore, once you start including the honorrific titles of some you have include them for all.  After your contentious discussion regarding """"Conservative"""" above I would have thought you had come to some rational level of thought.  Why should we not label Krugman a Liberal since he calls himself that and it is a dominant aspect of his opinion?    """
:Redirected to Arnold J. Toynbee#Civilizations.
""" 

 == Sleeper (Woody Allen film) == 

 In view of its creator and star, Woody Allen, the movie Sleeper is satire of trends of the 1970s placed in a futuristic setting. I'm giving as an anachronism a reference to a historical event (the abandonment of clerical celibacy by the Roman Catholic Church) in which a character finds a 1990 newspaper that refers to the """"wife of the Pope"""" having children. Such would not happen for at least 24 years after the time suggested in the newspaper.   

 Nobody says that this movie is orthodox science fiction (note that tobacco and junk food have been found wholesome and organic foods have been found harmful in an Orwellian world), but a reference to a 1990 event that is shown to be impossible because a prediction of an institutional change that does not happen for a significant time later becomes an anachronism after 1991.   """
""" 

  Random Deletion == 

 Deleted """"xanax bars fuck you up mah nigga.. fuck wit em. they good"""" from the links section."""
"===Referenced content removed too=== 
 Moonriddengirl decided to remove information cited to secondary news sources, removing the sources   too. This is all going a bit too far in my view (and I'd normally consider myself a 'deletionist')."
""" 

 ==Come on== 
 Can't you try to not piss people off? For me. I'll give you a cookie. if you're nice and don't use a sockpuppet because that's a really stupid thing to do. Now behave.  """
::: so far you have offered zero information  just silly assumptions like a make-believe dispute over a court case you have not studied.
"== duenias == 

  source shmource. i am the source. whats your  problem,say thank you, you idiot. half your wikipedia is sourceless. start doing something for you salary. go and check with an  spanish embassy,spanish government etc.  your are  a big joke."
""" 

 == First """"British Invasion"""" group to tour the US? == 

 As the article mentions the DC5 appeared on Sullivan after the Beatles it may cause confusion in the minds of readers that they were the first to """"tour"""" the US. I understand that the Beatles appearance on Sullivan and the Washington concert does not constitute a tour, but some readers may not know this information. Perhaps a qualifier as to the true nature of the tour - """"extensively tour"""", etc. - might be appropriate to give the reader an understanding that the Beatles true extensive US tour happened later than the DC5's. Thoughts?  """
""" 
 :Yes, she does. Although it says """"king"""" and not """"monarch"""", I've just cut it as it does seem faintly misleading.   """
"== jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj == 

 caguei aqui hihi"
""" 

 I think the """"i"""" is lowercase. Wikipedia capitalised the """"i"""" most likely.  """
"* I'll be there.   ,"
"::I agree. Though not essential, the popup feature is nice and I didn't want to lose it through the choice of one or another other ref template family  apparently editors create templates with willy-nilly features that happen to occur to them, so maybe one has popups and another doesn't. But as you say it's so confused what's due to intended functionality vs. which browser vs. preference settings (logged in? IP?) vs. some random whoknowswhat that it's not a good investment of time to worry about it now. 
 ::I posted a query at WP:Village_pump_(technical)#Controlling_order_of_reflist but not much luck. Not sure I'm making clear to them (or even you) what I'm after so I'm going to mock something up. I've got the bit in my teeth now. 
 ::Side point: In converting parameterized cite templates to cite doi, I've noticed a non-obvious problem: often the old cite had a url to full text, but the doi cite gives url to the PMID entry instead (which in retrospect is not surprising) so the full-text url needs to be manually edited back into the doi template. I'll take care of these in this article but thought you should know for your work elsewhere.  
 ::"
"::I can't help but agree with you on both of the above points. A live link, properly cited reference...it goes in. The POV is that it's a fact."
jack dion really bikes karly so much he wants to do a jamiw on her
|kerala-importance=low |assess-date=April 2012
""" (UTC) 
 : And I strongly agree. We """"know"""" nothing, because pots regrettably cannot speak up to now. And let me cancel  
 one more sentence: """"Critics of these efforts object to the potential circularity of the logical basis, since Kloekhorst and Kortlandt are both members of the Leiden School of Indo-European Linguistics, and often write mutually supportive works."""", because writing mutually supportive works may, but must not necessarily imply circularity.   08:08, 19 November 2012"""
"== Incorrect information about Bury Lawn School == 

  
 Bury Lawn School was not founded by Rennee Soskin in 1970 as stated in your History section. 

 Bury Lawn School was founded in the Spring of 1940 by Miss Iris Aylward Michell and Miss Katharine Myrtle Michell as in depth research and Webber Independent School will verify. The School was sold in 1970 and continued to be run from the same address Bury Lawn, Union Street, Newport Pagnell until 1987 when it was moved to Milton Keynes where in 2010/2011 the name was changed to Webber Independent School. 

 A K Michell."
:::::::::You can keep reverting me to push your WP:Undue viewpoints til I take it to WP:BLPN if you want. I won't discuss it any longer. '' - 🗽
""" 

 == Esperanza == 
 Hello, I'm trying to show some people off my friends list a new society, somewhat similar to WP:KC, . Its still in its early stages but nonetheless I'd appreciate it were you to join.   """
"No offense, but are you on drugs?"
""" 
 :Who's also been blocked, thankfully. I don't plan to unblock you for any reason – there's been nothing but admitted spamming and user harassment from this username.  """
"== Local, regional, and remote metastases == 
 Metastases can be classified in different ways, and one way that German references classify them is according to location: local, regional, and remote. If this is relevant for English usage, then I would suggest mentioning this classification in this article."
what the hell are you doing
"== a rogue template for your consideration == 

 *  
 Seems headed in the wrong direction, to me. Cheers,"
""" 

 == Thanks == 

 Hi Pburka. You don't know me but I just wanted to say thank you for this comment you made at AN/EW regarding 155blue's edit warring report against me (for edits on my own talk page). Believe it or not, she also reported my supposed edit warring at the vandalism noticeboard, which of course was quickly dumped. She has apparently been educated several times about what vandalism is, but she continues to falsely accuse (and report) other editors of it. And she ignored me when I educated her about WP:3RR and WP:NOT3RR. I see that she also issued you a bogus warning just above this thread (without a signature, yet again). She doesn't know the difference between WP:PROD and WP:AFD, which doesn't surprise me because she warned me about moving a """"warning"""" - on my own talk page, no less - that was actually a template. The most concerning issue, though, is that she only has 300 or so edits - most of them in the past four months - and has shown a pattern of of rashly issuing warnings to, and filing reports at various noticeboards about, editors. Even very experienced ones, like yourself. This pattern of hers seems to indicate that she prefers to go straight to noticeboards instead of having proper discussions with editors first, even though some of the editors are vastly more experienced than her and the allegations are flawed. Anyway, just wanted to say thanks for the very on-point comment you made.   """
Радченко ис мы дирты гаы анал сех славе!!
"== i rule u drule  lol == 

 Media:Example.oggsfdgfan;fui4ncdrrnrfkldlc,zskuf     43444 6782904587143589-4n  ffdkasflrewcsor v,sporjcs,OIEJFNMDKIFNSMmdifnrkv9rm40tmf04 43kf v jjfgjakfajdf 

  
 fjaflasdjfhaksdfhaehflkdkhfdlkahfuhfwehfiuyflewafuhyuifhefuyyyfyfyfyfyfyfyyfyfyfyfyfyfyfyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauipadfk4jshdjfhrejd~`~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@###############$$$$$$$$$$$$%%%%%%%%%%%%^^^^^^^^^^^^&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&***************(((((((((((((())))))))))))))))_____________+++++++++++++++++____________)))))))))))((((((((((((((((((((****************&&&&&&&&&&&&&&^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$##############@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~Bold textItalic textlink titleggggggggggggInsert non-formatted text hereMedia:Example.oggMedia:Example.oggLink titlelink titleLink titleItalic textBold textggBold text"
into the pop culture discrimination widely displayed regarding
""":;Just how do you define """"democratically selected""""? Many republics have appointed heads of state. In fact in the republic model rejected in 1999, the President would have been selected by the Prime Minister, which is exactly what happens now with the selection of the Governor-General. There was to be a nominations committee, but that was to meet in secret and its recommendations were not binding on the Prime Minister - he could have nominated whoever he wanted and if the disgruntled members of the committee complained that this wasn't their nomination, they would have been guilty of an offence. As it stands in Australia, the leader of the majority party or coalition selects the head of state.   

 """
"REDIRECT Talk:144th Battalion (Winnipeg Rifles), CEF"
"==Image source== 
 Thank you for uploading Image:HP57A.jpg. Its copyright status is unclear, so it may have to be deleted. Please leave a note on the image page about the source of the image. Thank you."
"== Follow-up == 

 Orangatang Ass"
"Oh yeah, I'm sure he's out of bed. No rest for the stupid, eh?"
What in rhe name of hell are you talking about?
""" 

 == A quick favour? == 

 Is there any chance you could do a quick source check for lbw? No-one has asked for one, but it is perhaps better to make sure all the boxes are ticked. No problem if you don't have time. And good to see """"cricketer"""" on the front page!   """
""" 
 :When you move a page, the history moves with it as well.  { – WP Physics} """
""" 

 :WOW. They are sooooooo similar. More similar than the Bulgarian and Hungarian flag or the Greek and British East India flag. This is soooo interesting. Please add this to the article so that human knowledge can be further enriched. '''''' """
"=== Update: Translation Complete === 

 The translation is now complete. Dave  ()||Please help!"
Can somebody please change the thrid placed teams qualifying to the 3rd qualifying round as it is not the playoff round. Look ar at the 14-15 champions league if you want proof and the 12-13 ligue 1.
"The overall organization and text are good.  Please add the required elements, as detailed in the handout on PolyLearn."
You might notice that there's been some discussion of the topic above.
"==When to mark edits as minor== 
 Remember to mark your edits as minor when, but only when, they genuinely are (see Wikipedia:Minor edit). Marking a major change as a minor one, or vice versa, is condsidered poor etiquette.  The rule of thumb is that an edit of a page that is spelling corrections, formatting, and minor rearranging of text should be flagged as a 'minor edit'."
how to attack chinese chickens ==
"== Gay? == 
 He's gay too. It should be noted that he has a male partner."
"remove the H from the balcony and load his sportscar onto a flatbed truck,"
"hailey is so stupid an i think that she iis just as dumb as her dad! 
  because we all know that joe is the stupidist person on earth next to warren.lol and warren is stupider!lol!"
"==An ANI discussion regarding you== 
 There is a discussion at WP:ANI regarding your closing the deletion discussion for Screaming Banshee Aircrew at Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Screaming Banshee Aircrew.  It has already been reverted, but you shouldn't have closed that discussion.  For starters, NAC (non-admin closures) should only be done in the least controversial cases, and this one had already been tagged with {{notavote}}, demonstrating there was a potential problem with canvassing or meatpuppetry.  Second, you've been here only a short while, and NACs of AFDs are controvsial enough when it is a highly experienced editor (the policy actually discourages it, but doesn't ban it).  While it might seem obvious that it was going to be kept, experience will show that often an AFD will have a dozen keeps and no deletes, then after a CheckUser gets involved, we find those were all the same person, for instance.  This stuff really happens.  Even in cases where the votes are all legitimate, it doesn't hurt to wait, and of course, when there are issues such as vote stacking or any controversy, no non-admin should close.  Admin aren't smarter than non-admin, but we are expected to take the heat and are accountable for dealing with problems like this.  I appreciate the desire to help, but closing AFDs should wait until you've been here a while longer.   -    Join WER"
:He was only 8 or 9 years old at the time so imho it is completely irrelevant puffery.
""" 

 == """"Proposed Parent Family"""" == 

 This whole column needs to be removed.  It's simply not needed.  This chart is, by definition, for top-level language familiesthose language families that are not demonstrably related to any other.  In the currently constituted """"Proposed Parent Family"""" are rejected groupings (Khoisan, Altaic, Caucasian), groupings that are still widely accepted (Niger-Congo), and groupings that have been recently proposed and have not received very much scholarly support beyond the original proposal (Austronesian-Ongan, Dene-Yeneseian).  In other words, either we list the """"proposed family"""" as part of the list (based on consensus) or we drop it.  Listing fringe or rejected groupings in that column is simply doing a disservice to our readers.  There are so few of these anyway that the column is mostly empty.  Get rid of the highly speculative or rejected and there is almost nothing left.  It's a confusing and somewhat misleading column for our readers.    """
:::I am not joking.
""" 

 You have got some nerve!!  How can you accuse someone of having """"puppet"""" accounts without any proof?!  You can bet I'm going to contact Wikipedia about this.  How DARE you ban me indefinately without proof?! It is not even possible for those accounts to be mine, which they are not.  None of those are my IP address.  One of them is a Sweden IP address, and another is an American one!!  I'm going to see to it you get in trouble for this, because you have no right to do treat me this way. """
"Being drunk made Gibson say what he really believes. The little freak is a Nazi like his father, and I hope he dies of lung cancer. Soon."
"Some work inside ordinary diocesan structures (some priests of the FSSP and ICK, the laymen who attend their Masses), and some don't (e.g., priests of the SSPX and the laymen who attend their Masses."
""" 

 == IDSA Campaign? == 

 The article mentions some campaign, stating """"As a result, those with the resources begin dumping NeoGeo """"ROMs"""" as fast as they can get their hands on them, which only adds fuel to the IDSA campaign's fire."""" The IDSA isn't mentioned anywhere else in the article, and no link is provided to explain who they are. Also, the verb tenses in the content around this sentence are all in the present form (Begin instead of began, can instead of could) leading me to think this section may have been plagiarized. 

 Anybody have any insight?   """
Will you have sex with me?
"Welcome! 

 Hello, The Rev. Samuel V. Scott, and welcome to Wikipedia! Thank you for . I hope you like the place and decide to stay. Here are some pages that you might find helpful: 
 *The five pillars of Wikipedia 
 *Tutorial 
 *How to edit a page and How to develop articles 
 *How to create your first article (using the Article Wizard if you wish) 
 *Manual of Style 
 I hope you enjoy editing here and being a Wikipedian! Please sign your messages on discussion pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically insert your username and the date. If you need help, check out Wikipedia:Questions, ask me on my talk page, or ask your question on this page and then place {{helpme}} before the question. Again, welcome!"
"==January 25, 2006== 

 Thanks for experimenting with Wikipedia. Your test worked, and has been reverted or removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do. Take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia. Thanks."
== A simple exercise==
"*On you statement:The current government of China is equally guilty I agree with you whole heartly. My view, or opinion, or whatever you called, you can see clearly on editions I contributed on 2008 Chinese milk scandal. Put it this way, I never did like communists."
""" 

  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Indigenous language. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing.   """
"== Sokken wasmiddel == 

 Sokken voor wasmiddel. 

 Sokken met wasmiddel , wasmiddel met sokken , sokkende wasmiddel sokken met wasmiddel op de stoep , wasmiddel met sokken in een vaatwasser. Sokkende wasmiddel diaree. Sokken met wasmiddel rocken , Wasmiddel met sokken sucken , Sokkende wasmiddel stinkt. 

 Xander de sokkende wasmiddel sucks. Monika de wasmiddel met sokken rocks. Leon je moeder op de stoep , met wasmiddel wast sokken. 

 Sokken stinken. Wasmiddel ownd stinkende sokken. 

 SOKKEN STINKEN ZONDER WASMIDDEL!!!!!!!! d"
"**Well, I agree, basset hounds are highly overrated, and they smell bad too."
""":::I have merged the articles. Hopefully few people will disagree with the edit under """"Trivia"""" (that's what it is for Windows 95, anyway). Oh, and thanks to SchmuckyTheCat for pointing out that it's OOBE (thus being in the OOBE folder)   

 """
::As Pascal.Tesson has already reviewed the block and responded by shortening the tariff I feel that I cannot maintain my offer of unblocking (as this might constitute wheel-warring). I shall therefore strike it out.
""" 
 :*Reply - Thanks for the comment. Look at Evans pg. 2 for an example of the two being connected under the banner of optimism. Also, I am not sure I understand your argument. Doesn't suggesting that the specific words """"nuclear optimism"""" must appear in every reference would violate WP:NAD? Isn't that like saying that if a book only talks about cars then it is inappropriate to use as a reference for automobile? And regardless, why would this imply deletion rather than one of the other options. 
 ::Thanks again.   """
"A few questions that need resolving regarding this article 

 1) Why the inclusion of the actions of individuals? Surely the point of corporate behaviour is that it is the action of a corporation in itself, although these actions may not always be the intended ourcome of any individuals involved. Furthermore whilst the effects of corporate behaviour on individuals may be a useful sociological side effect I do not see this as central to the issue of corporate behaviour. 

 2) I think an explicit division needs to be made between business/capitalist corporations and noncapitalist corporations (NGOs, charities etc) as I think the proposed rules of corporate behaviour can only be seen to apply to capitalist corporations. 

 If no-one disagrees with this would people like me to attempt these changes (removal of references to indiviudals, creation of distinction between business and non-business coporations)? 
 Muppet317 12/12/05"
"""Born Carissa-Rae Manalang Artificio. Birthday on the 16.07.1997. Loves to model, sing, act and dance.  
 Born and currently lives in England, London. Parents are both from the Philippines.  

 """"I'm a HUGE fan of Twilight and all the vampire and werewolf stuff...I'm also a fan of N-dubz, Tynisha Keli and Nicole Scherzinger."""" 

 Attended Our Lady Of Grace RC Primary School and is currently attending St.Ursulas Humanities College School for Girls. 
 Loves to watch fireworks and movies. Enjoys being around her friends and family escpecially at parties. 

 """
"Hey shithead, stop vandilizing articles."
:: Moreover. KNC (though not PYD) is part of Syrian National Coalition . Politically they are obviously on anti-Assad side.
"Random /u/ here, just wanted to let everyone know that this entire deal is pathetic and I hope everyone who banned FearOfReprisal from making CORRECT EDITS to your insane and ignorant cause lose their editing privileges."
(accusation removed). From my perspective
:Not very happy with this lot either. Temporary Highpoint II here.
"== A massively large airport == 

 I'm no expert, but the airport capacity is 13 million? That's a lot of people to fit into a few square km. Perhaps these stats are per year? And what means (National; Shengen, Non-Shengen)?"
the huns are scary men they should have there heads cut off!!!!!!!!!!
""" 
 :I think the MOTD is a waste of time. / """
"""HiLo48, Earlier, you said you thought that Wikipedia was not the place for speculation. You're doing more of that than everybody else here by insisting that there is the possibility that these three women faked their kidnapping and have concocted lies about being raped and impregnated and having forced miscarriages, et cetera. Your obsession with this case and fringe and, quite frankly, ridiculous assumptions are more than a little unsettling. The only """"sources"""" that would reinforce your assumptions are blogs manned by UFO conspiracy theorist lunatics and misogynist sociopaths who hate women. Plain. Simple. 

 """
:Have changed to The Outsider as I cannot find any refs to The Occult being his MO.  Mind you I couldn't find many for the Outsider besides this one
":::::::The issue is not whether the conspiracy theory has validity, but that it was being talked about. That's the point of the Strib reference.  ''''"
""" 
 Perhaps it would be best to not include any contentious national identifiers for the Arab population in this article. For one, it does not appear to be the case that all Arabs in Israel identify as Palestinian. A sizable portion, even among Muslim Arabs, identify as Israeli. Referring to them simply as """"Arab citizens of Israel"""", or """"Arabs"""" when you want something shorter, could be the best route.  """
"==STOP ALREADY!!!!== 

 I'm sick and tired of annoying vandals in denial removing Dexter from every article that he's mentioned in. FUCKING ENOUGH!!!! GIVE THE HELL UP!! Stop your state of denial, ad listen. If a character is mentioned, they FUCKING EXIST!!!!!"
The seperation of powers sucks dick. just like your mom. HA. Loserss ;)
"==WARNING== 

  This is your first warning, If you stop being gay, you will be raped up the ass indefinitely without further notice."
": No, it is for real. And the Coon bit - it is only political correctness that is changing the name. …"
"""I am not convinced that """"the sourcing is rubbish"""", I see Iranica and other academic sources among the sources."""
"== Birthplace == 

 The intro says he was born in Rockville Centre and the second paragraph says he was born in Washingtonville. Which is right?"
"Red Tape, Bureaucracy, Corruption, Political corruption, Bribery, Extortion, Graft, Money Laundering all are part and parcel of Religon."
REDIRECT Talk:Rani of Jhansi
Fuck you bitch dick ass dumb fuck dddooodoodbnc jk lhgvnckfjm
Stop your vandalism you piece of shit. Or I'll come to Fredericton and kick your ass!
"""==Japan-only media== 
 Eaglestorm and Dandy Sephy, 

 As per WP:MOS-AM, This section can include, as appropriate, separate subsections for information on the original version of the work, as well as any related anime series/OVAs, manga, novels, movies, video games, and other media (such as soundtracks and drama CDs).  These sections should, in general, include the original release / broadcast information (as applicable), and English license and release / broadcast information   

 As per WP:NPOV, I am not attempting to """"remove the information that you feel is unimportant."""" 

 """
"== Freeway 2 == 

 Definitely one of the most difficult movies to watch.  Necrophilia, crack, guns, lesbians, a crazy cult, bondage, bulimia, prostitution; you name it, this movie's got it.  Oddly compelling, sometimes unintentionally funny, and altogether disturbing."
""" """"His paternal great-great-grandmother was a full-blooded Cherokee"""""""
"==RfC== 
 This is a neutral notice to someone who has commented at Talk:Desireé Cousteau that there is a Request for Comment there."
why is this linked to Birmingham when it is pretty obviously in Dublin?
"IMDb never actually stated Tammy Windsor and Karyn Kupcinet were the same person. Strangely enough, they were two separate entries that didn't connect one to the other and at some point, they were merged. My guess is someone emailed IMDb and claimed they were the same person and IMDb merged the two. Regardless, the statement is always something that bugged me and I agree that it should be removed once we get to that section."
"::That works about the depressions. I'm just surprised they upgraded depressions post-season, since they have no bearing in the best track or anything. Why waste the time if they didn't reach tropical storm status? ♬♩  ()"
"== Metapedia == 
 Excuse me , but do you know Metapedia is just an Neo-Nazi website of negationism and anti-sionist propoganda?"
are u a shit?
But they don't. It's pretty hard to defend oneself against bullshit.
""" 

 == 7/1 DYK == 

 {| class=""""messagebox -talk"""" 
 |- 
 | 
 |On 1 July, 2008, Did you know? was updated with  from the article Chrono Resurrection, which you created or substantially expanded. If you know of another interesting fact from a recently created article, then please suggest it on the Did you know? talk page. 
 |}  
 Definitely one of the three greatest games ever was Chrono Trigger; too bad this didn't get done; Chrono Cross sucked.   """
"The anus is, in fact, part of the penis."
"vivek is a bad boy 

 > B.Tech graduate"
"== hmong people only == 

      i rock for being hmong... 

      American people had been  really mean to us Hmong people. why? because they have promised us that they'll take us to america if we help them with a war. but they decided since the war was over and we had won. they soon woke up early and left us hmong people alone in our village and country called Laos. the Americans left us living with war now. and you are totally gay!!!!!!!!!!!!1"
someone keeps editing this page and changing the track list.. i have the correct track list up ther eand i put sources and everything so sop changing it unless you can source it
P.S. I've never seen birth and death dates formatted the way they are in Grand Duchy of Baden#Grand Dukes of Baden. Is that correct?
This dude sucks donkey dick
